---
title: "SHWEKEY -  I Can Be"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/C3nF2KHmQ60\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "C3nF2KHmQ60"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["יעקב שוואקי","שוואקי","שווקי"]
date: "2021-09-23T11:12:28+03:00"
vid_date: "2015-07-02T13:00:00Z"
duration: "PT4M22S"
viewcount: "5155088"
likeCount: "16731"
dislikeCount: "1642"
channel: "Yaakov Shwekey יעקב שוואקי"
---
{% raw %}I CAN BE is now available for streaming and download on all platforms!<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://fanlink.to/c7GF">https://fanlink.to/c7GF</a><br /><br />The Special Children's Center<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.TheCenterNJ.org">http://www.TheCenterNJ.org</a><br /><br />The Center @Instagram<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://Instagram.com/TheSpecialChildrensCenter">https://Instagram.com/TheSpecialChildrensCenter</a><br />____________________________<br /><br />Lyrics<br /><br />I am a child<br />And the road ahead is paved with possibility<br />Laughter and smiles<br />When I'm with you I'm soaring high and free<br />When you're in my world<br />I believe in me<br />I look into your eyes... and see that<br /><br />I can be stronger<br />I can be braver<br />I can be anything<br />Anything I want to be<br />I have the power<br />I have the courage<br />I am a hero<br />Everything I need is inside of me<br /><br />Life throws me fire<br />And fate will test me ten million ways<br />Sometimes I'm tired<br />It's hard to see the light of better days<br />But then I dare to dream<br />I find the hope for more<br />I reach for all you gave and see that<br /><br />Life is the people we love<br />And what we give to one another<br />Loving is giving, giving is life<br /><br />I am a fighter<br />I am a dreamer<br />I am a hero<br />Everything I am<br />Cause you believed in me<br />____________________________<br /><br />About the Song:<br />Almost twenty years ago my wife Jenine and her best friend started The Special Children's Center from a one-room apartment. Back then they were just teenagers with a dream to change the world, one child at a time. They felt a tremendous need for special children to have a place to flourish, to receive the care and attention they need, and to wrap it up in happiness. With the help of so many believers, that endeavor grew into a multi faceted Center for more than three hundred special children across three locations. While there is no end to the demand, there is also no end to their determination. While traveling and performing all over the world for the last fifteen years I’ve seen with my own eyes the gift that music can give and the depths it can reach. The power is within every one of us… you can be anything, no matter what challenges you face. That is the magic of love, and the magic of this song. It is for you, the children and staff of the Center, and for you, all children around the world -- each of you is precious, you can be anything. This song is for you.<br /><br />Yaakov Shwekey<br /><br />____________________________<br /><br />יעקב שוואקי \\ אני יכול<br />תרגום לעברית: אסנת ישעיהו<br /><br />CREDITS<br />Composed by Yitzy Waldner<br />Lyrics: Sophia Franco<br />Arranged by Udi Damari<br />Mixed by Ian Freitor<br /><br />Directed by Mendy Pellin<br />Produced by Arnon Z. Shorr<br />For Mendy Pellin Media<br /><br />Associate Producer - Avi Soroka<br />Production Assistant - Moshe Weinberger<br />Director of Photography - Christopher Bye<br />1st Assistant Camera - Joe Reinhart<br />2nd Unit Director of Photography - Uri Westrich<br />Edited by - Paul Forte<br />Visual Effects - Mendy Pellin<br /> <br />Cast:<br />Vincent Gruosso - “Father”<br />Tova - “Daughter”<br />Joe Harkins - “Old Man”<br />Coby Segal - “Teenager”<br />Dassy Weinberg - “Flying Kid”<br /> <br />Special Thanks:<br />Jenine Choueka<br />Rachel Farhi<br />Shani Gross<br />Chaya Bender<br />Yentee<br />Aliza Weiss<br />The Special Children's Center Staff, Students, Volunteers and bus drive.<br />Jonty Fine<br />Ben Pellin<br /><br />Public Relations: MediaPro<br />Email: PR@MediaPro.co.il<br /><br />____________________________<br /><br />Copyright SHWEKEY MUSIC INC.<br />Prohibited to download / copy / duplicate<br />Please do not play on Shabbat or Jewish holidays<br /><br /><br />#ShwekeyCenter{% endraw %}
