---
title: "#Hometasking Returns for Halloween! | Taskmaster"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/flp9ijGZB00\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "flp9ijGZB00"
categories: "Comedy"
tags: ["Taskmaster","Alex Horne","Greg Davies"]
date: "2021-11-19T12:41:57+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-10-25T07:55:43Z"
duration: "PT2M24S"
viewcount: "101923"
likeCount: "3075"
dislikeCount: "12"
channel: "Taskmaster"
---
{% raw %}#Hometasking is back! Little Alex Horne is here to deliver a pop-up hometask for this Halloweeny half term. <br /><br />Your task: Make and demonstrate the spookiest animal using stuff from your kitchen. You have 100 spooky hours. Your time starts NOW! <br /><br />Be sure to tweet your submissions under the #Hometasking hashtag for a chance to be in the YouTube montage. Have fun! Make good choices! <br /><br />------------<br /><br />Follow the show at <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.twitter.com/taskmaster">http://www.twitter.com/taskmaster</a><br />Become a fan at <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.facebook.com/officialtaskmaster">https://www.facebook.com/officialtaskmaster</a><br />Buy Taskmaster merch: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://taskmasterstore.com/">https://taskmasterstore.com/</a><br /><br />------------<br /><br />TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR MATERIALS SUBMITTED: <br />These terms and conditions (also referred to as “licence” herein) relate to graphics, pictures, sound recordings, songs, videos, and any other material(s) submitted by you to Avalon Television’s pages on social media including, without limitation, YouTube, twitter, Facebook (the “Material”), in relation to the television programme “Taskmaster” and the “#HomeTasking” activities (the “Programme”).<br /><br />• By submitting your Material you hereby grant us (i.e. Avalon Television Limited referred to herein also as “we”, “our” or “us”) a non-exclusive and irrevocable licence to use, edit, reproduce, distribute, transmit, broadcast, make available and display your Material (or part of your Material) (including but not limited to your performance in the Material, if any) without charge by any medium or method now known or later invented including without limitation online or television to be exercised in our sole discretion throughout the world in perpetuity without restriction. You agree that we may permit other parties authorised by us, including without limitation Channel 4, a licence of your Material for their use. You shall waive and procure that the director of your Material shall waive any moral rights that may exist in relation to your Material.<br /><br />• You warrant and represent that you are over 18 (eighteen) years of age and are entitled to grant to us the rights referred to herein and that the exercise of such rights will not: (a) infringe the copyright or any other personal or property rights of any person; or (b) entitle any person to claim any payment from us or from any of our licensees or assignees. You further agree to indemnify us and keep us indemnified from and against all and any costs, claims, demands, actions, proceedings, damages, losses, expenses and liabilities (including, without limitation, legal fees and any sums paid on the advice of legal counsel) whether suffered or incurred directly or indirectly by us or any compensation paid or agreed to be paid by us to any third party resulting from breach non-performance, or non-observance by you of any of the warranties on your part contained or implied herein.<br /><br />• Your Material must not contain any material which is in any way defamatory, obscene, unlawful, harmful, offensive or inappropriate. You also agree not to advertise or promote third parties' or your own goods or services in your Material.<br /><br />• If you are under 18 years of age please get the consent of your parent or legal guardian before uploading any Material. <br /><br />• By uploading your Material, you are signifying your agreement to these terms and conditions and consenting to your video being used for the purposes related to the Programme. If you do not accept any of these terms and conditions do not upload your Material. We reserve the right to disregard any Material which in our opinion fails to meet these terms and conditions.<br /><br />• We shall not be obliged to include all or any part of the Material in the Programme and that we shall have no liability to you for not including the Material in the Programme.<br /><br />• In the event of a breach by us of any of our obligations to you or pursuant to statute law or common law, your rights and remedies (if any) shall be to recover damages in an action at law and in no event shall you be entitled by any such breach to enjoin or restrain the production, distribution, exhibition, broadcast, advertising or exploitation of the Programme.<br /><br />• You agree to sign any additional documents that we may reasonably request to enable us to make full use of the Material.<br /><br />• We shall be entitled to freely assign and/or sub-license the benefit of this licence and this licence shall be governed by and construed under the laws of England &amp; Wales and the parties hereto submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.{% endraw %}
