---
title: "20 MOMENTS IF WERE NOT FILMED , NO ONE WOULD BELIEVE!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/NwUxI22WkVA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "NwUxI22WkVA"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["20 MOMENTS IF WERE NOT FILMED- NO ONE WOULD BELIEVE!","20 CRAZY AND WEIRD THINGS CAUGHT ON SECURITY & CCTV!","Weirdest Unexpected Moments;"]
date: "2021-11-09T23:59:23+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-09T12:03:43Z"
duration: "PT10M7S"
viewcount: "12776"
likeCount: "278"
dislikeCount: "18"
channel: "Q - Did You Know?"
---
{% raw %}Thank you! 💕💕<br />Welcome to:  Q-Did You Know? 😍 <br />👉 Today's Topic : 20 MOMENTS IF WERE NOT FILMED , NO ONE WOULD BELIEVE!<br />This is an entertainment video<br />Maybe you haven’t known, but there have been many surprising and interesting moments happening in our life. They are the proof for how there are so many unexpected things occurring in this world<br />And today’s video will be about 20 unexpected and unbelievable moments, they will appear shortly! Let’s watch until the last second to vote for the most interesting moment! <br />Note: All the situations in this video are real-life moments recorded by the cameraman and it's random, not staged.<br />To create this video, I searched for content on the Internet and edited it, then used Premiere to cut and assemble with my comment and music to create interesting videos.<br />The purpose of the video is to entertain, provide necessary information about unbelievable and weird moments, without any offense. So have fun!<br />I used the image in accordance with the law of “fair use”. All of the videos I use are under the Copyright disclaimer section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, in which &quot;fair use&quot; is allowed for purposes such as criticism, commentary, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research.<br />If you accidentally appear in this video and want to take it down, please contact me at &quot;thocgao0806@gmail.com&quot; before taking any legal action. Thank you!<br />......................<br />..............<br />...<br />Good news for my big fans, in order to celebrate my channel getting 3m subscribers, I now have 10 iphone 12 and want to give them to you through joining the lucky draw!<br />If you find this video interesting, then quickly like and share it so that people will get to enjoy these funny moments, subscribe and turn on your notification bell to receive more videos!<br />Then leave a comment telling the reasons why you love this video. Good luck!<br />Note: this is the presents that I want to give to my fans - which is not sponsored by any brands or Youtube. It’s just simply a gift that I use to show my love towards my viewers, not to boost the views. <br />Therefore, I do not accept any spamming comments on my videos.<br />If anyone utilize this to keep spamming on my channel, I will block them, because that means you have violated the Youtube policies!<br />👉 Because the numbers of people playing this is quite a lot so I will only choose 100 people from each video and provide them the code to join in the lucky draw. Thank you for your understanding.<br />--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />👉 THIS IS A FASCINATING LIST THAT YOU MIGHT BE INTERESTED IN:<br />🔥 EMBARRASSING - INAPPROPRIATE SHOWS ON TV: <br /> <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLmysdtJ_faoHNyXt6hr7pPx0Y8fdFTd_a">https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLmysdtJ_faoHNyXt6hr7pPx0Y8fdFTd_a</a><br />🔥IF WERE NOT FILMED , NO ONE WOULD BELIEVE: <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLmysdtJ_faoHOzkGkg32cxrWufDOn-IZR">https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLmysdtJ_faoHOzkGkg32cxrWufDOn-IZR</a><br />🔥EMBARRASSING MOMENT IN SPORTS : <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLmysdtJ_faoEU5KEGxqMg7QAxdNLp4Zxj">https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLmysdtJ_faoEU5KEGxqMg7QAxdNLp4Zxj</a>                                        <br />-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />Q-Did you know?   <br />👉 This is a channel for entertainment, Knowledge<br />Here are some topics that will be included in our videos:<br />👉  Funniest Moments<br />👉  Strange And Unique Things<br />-------------------------------------------------<br />I use different stock footages : &quot;Both Free And Paid&quot;. <br />All of which falls under fair use. <br />clips of videos that I can find related to the video and search images to visualize the narrative and story that I’m trying to tell.<br />Please subscribe  Thank you so much!<br />TH958<br />#Funnymoments #qdidyouknow #Cothebanchuabiet{% endraw %}
