---
title: "8 Must-Do Exercises for Skinny Guys to Gain Muscle"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/pbV6O9PltKs\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "pbV6O9PltKs"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["body hub","body hub fitness","body hub health"]
date: "2021-11-02T11:10:09+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-02T01:00:08Z"
duration: "PT9M7S"
viewcount: "1822"
likeCount: "217"
dislikeCount: "1"
channel: "Body Hub"
---
{% raw %}Building muscle can boost your confidence, but it takes time and consistency. Fortunately, you can see results if you work hard and stick with it. The key to building muscle is exercising regularly and maintaining a healthy diet. You can build muscles while working out at home or in a gym using the same types of exercises. <br /><br />Continue watching this video for the 8 must-do exercises for a skinny guy to build muscles!<br /><br />----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br /><br />💡Other videos you’ll love!:<br /><br />🎥Watch: 10 Total Body Workouts That Will Transform Your Body in 1 Month<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OpsvudxHuFo&amp;list=PLhpfClNWMTBINEi1W5I7hwGsoUsMq_Baw&amp;index=3">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OpsvudxHuFo&amp;list=PLhpfClNWMTBINEi1W5I7hwGsoUsMq_Baw&amp;index=3</a><br /><br />🎥Watch:  The Effects 15 Minutes of Jump Rope a Day Has On Your Body<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1hNIi8kkLs&amp;list=PLhpfClNWMTBINEi1W5I7hwGsoUsMq_Baw&amp;index=4">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1hNIi8kkLs&amp;list=PLhpfClNWMTBINEi1W5I7hwGsoUsMq_Baw&amp;index=4</a><br /><br />----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br /><br />In a nutshell:<br /><br />The key to building muscle is exercising regularly and maintaining a healthy diet. You can build muscles while working out at home or in a gym using the same types of exercises. Continue watching this video for the 8 must-do exercises for a skinny guy to build muscles! Pull yourself up, lifting your chin up to the bar using only your arms. If you’re an advanced athlete or have been doing pull ups successfully for a long time, you can still challenge your muscles. <br /><br />Pull Ups are a challenging exercise. Even if you’re new to pullups, practicing hanging from the bar or doing an assisted pullup can help you start to build up strength. Try combining pull ups with other upper body exercises, like pushups, chinups, tricep extensions, and bicep curls, to round out your routine. The bent-over dumbbell row targets many muscles in the upper and middle back, including the trapezius, infraspinatus, rhomboids, latissimus dorsi, teres major, and teres minor. The pectoralis major (chest) and brachialis (upper arm) also get worked along with the shoulder rotators. Using dumbbells makes this a moderate-intensity exercise, enabling you to burn more calories when you add this movement to your workout routine. <br /><br />The dumbbell bent-over row is a compound, functional exercise in that you use this same motion throughout the day, such as when picking up heavier objects. Dumbbell Bent-Over Row in Lunge Position To do it, stand with one leg back and the other forward while doing your dumbbell bent-over rows. Single-Arm Dumbbell Bent-Over Row If you choose this variation, hold the barbell with the palms facing in, bend 45 degrees at the hips, then brace the abs and lift the weight. Start with a weight that you can lift comfortably. Position your arms at shoulder-width apart, then grab onto the bar. Slowly lower the bar until it's at nipple level, then push up until your arms are fully extended upwards. Once you have a few months of practice, slowly increase the weight and go down to 6–8 reps per set. For an added challenge, lift weights on an incline bench press. It will be harder to lift the bar on an incline, so start out with less weight than you would on the flat bench-press. <br /><br />Push-ups are one of the most effective exercises to build an impressive chest. It is a great exercise to build chest strength. If you consistently do push-ups, your chest and core will get stronger, and you will build lean muscle. Then, slowly lower the weight back down to the floor. Use your lower body to help you lift the weights. <br /><br />Do squats with a weighted bar Add weights to a barbell, then put it on a rack so that it's a little lower than shoulder height. Lift the bar up off the rack and move backwards 1 step so that the weight rests on your back. Exhale deeply and use your legs and hips to lift out of the squat If you're a beginner, this may mean using a bar without any weight to start with. Do front squats with a weighted bar for an extra challenge. <br /><br />Rack a weighted bar at just-below shoulder-level. Keeping your back straight, bend your legs into a squat, with your hips under the bar. Hold a dumbbell in front of your chest using both hands. Standing in front of a bench, lift your right leg back so that it's parallel to the floor and resting comfortably on the bench. With your elbow resting on your thigh, lift the dumbbell all the way to your upper chest by curling your arm upward.<br /><br />----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br /><br />Subscribe to Body Hub!:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://goo.gl/nJ8d6r">https://goo.gl/nJ8d6r</a><br /><br />#GainMuscle<br /><br />----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />ℹ️ Medical Disclaimer: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://pastebin.com/s0cHYHvf">https://pastebin.com/s0cHYHvf</a><br />----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------{% endraw %}
