---
title: "The Money Song | Penny, Nickel, Dime, Quarter | Jack Hartmann Money Song"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/pnXJGNo08v0\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "pnXJGNo08v0"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["the money song","counting money","learning to count money"]
date: "2021-09-21T20:02:47+03:00"
vid_date: "2017-08-21T15:25:35Z"
duration: "PT3M21S"
viewcount: "11871433"
likeCount: "45907"
dislikeCount: "7251"
channel: "Jack Hartmann Kids Music Channel"
---
{% raw %}Money Song by Jack Hartmann helps your children learn to identify and know the value of a penny, nickel, dime and quarter.  The Money Song has lots of repetition to help your children learn and memorize the value of these four coins with images of both sides of the coins. <br /><br />Lyrics<br />Penny, nickel, dime, quarter<br />Let's learn!<br />Penny, nickel, dime, quarter<br />Let's learn!<br />Money, money, money in my pocket<br />Money, money I know how to count it<br />Money, money, money in my pocket<br />Money, money I know how to count it<br /><br />What's it worth?<br />How much is a penny?<br />1 cent<br />How much is a nickel?<br />5 cents<br />How much is a dime?<br />10 cents<br />How much is a quarter?<br />25 cents<br /><br />How much is a penny?<br />1 cent<br />How much is a nickel?<br />5 cents<br />How much is a dime?<br />10 cents<br />How much is a quarter?<br />25 cents<br /><br />Money, money, money in my pocket<br />Money, money I know how to count it<br />Money, money, money in my pocket<br />Money, money I know how to count it<br /><br />What's it worth?<br />How much is a penny?<br />1 cent<br />How much is a nickel?<br />5 cents<br />How much is a dime?<br />10 cents<br />How much is a quarter?<br />25 cents<br /><br />Money, money, money in my pocket<br />Money, money I know how to count it<br />Money, money, money in my pocket<br />Money, money I know how to count it<br /><br />Here is a penny and this is what it looks like<br />Penny, penny<br />A penny is worth?<br />1 cent<br />A penny is worth?<br />1 cent<br />Here is a nickel and this is what it looks like<br />Nickel, nickel<br />A nickel is worth?<br />5 cents<br />A nickel is worth?<br />5 cents<br />Here is a dime and this is what it looks like<br />Dime, dime<br />A dime is worth?<br />10 cents<br />A dime is worth?<br />10 cents<br />Here is a quarter and this is what it looks like<br />Quarter, quarter<br />A quarter is worth?<br />25 cents<br />A quarter is worth?<br />25 cents<br /><br />Money, money, money in my pocket<br />Money, money I know how to count it<br />Money, money, money in my pocket<br />Money, money I know how to count it<br /><br />Money, money, money in my pocket<br />Money, money I know how to count it<br />Money, money, money in my pocket<br />Money, money I know how to count it<br /><br /><br /><br />Jack Hartmann's website: www.jackhartmann.com<br /><br />Remember to connect with Jack Hartmann on his Social Networks:<br /><br />Facebook: www.facebook.com/hop2itmusic<br />Pinterest: www.pinterest.com/jackhartmann<br />YouTube: www.youtube.com/user/JackHartmann<br />Twitter: twitter.com/Jack_Hartmann<br />Google +: plus.google.com/u/0/111246828015196865180<br /><br />You can find Jack Hartmann's Music on:<br /><br />Jack Hartmann Website: www.jackhartmann.com<br />iTunes: itunes.apple.com/us/artist/jack-hartmann/id391057562<br />Amazon Mp3: amazon.com/Boom-Chicka/dp/artist-redirect/B0156RBPXW/ref=sr_1_1?s=dmusic&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1492528781&amp;sr=1-1&amp;keywords=Jack+Hartmann<br />Google Play: play.google.com/store/music/artist/Jack_Hartmann?id=Ax3xg7dhdt5nx4b47dnwxjnhhhy&amp;hl=en<br />CD Baby: www.cdbaby.com/Artist/JackHartmann{% endraw %}
