---
title: "Electronic Health Records: Usability and Unintended Safety Issues"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/SlQ60KaLeHg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "SlQ60KaLeHg"
categories: "Nonprofits-Activism"
tags: ["Electronic health records","EHR","Health IT"]
date: "2021-11-25T20:25:44+03:00"
vid_date: "2018-02-05T19:57:53Z"
duration: "PT2M30S"
viewcount: "34405"
likeCount: "169"
dislikeCount: "4"
channel: "Pew"
---
{% raw %}Across the country, virtually all doctor’s offices and hospitals use electronic health records, or EHRs, to capture patient information. But EHR usability – their layout, design, customizations, and how they fit into different workflows—can impact patient safety.<br /><br />In this video, you'll see one example of a health IT-facilitated error – how a computer auto-refresh results in a doctor pulling up the wrong record without even realizing it, and how it impacts the care a patient receives.<br /><br />This is a fixable problem, but we need more research on how, when, and why these errors occur. <br /><br />Learn more about how we can make health IT safer: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.pewtrusts.org/HealthIT">http://www.pewtrusts.org/HealthIT</a> <br /><br /><br />*Full Transcript*<br />Remember when going to the doctor’s office looked like this?<br /><br />Now it looks more like this.<br /><br />Across the country, more and more doctor’s offices are using electronic health records, or EHRs.<br /><br />As digital records have become more common, unanticipated problems with design, workflow, training and how clinicians use them have contributed to patient harm.<br /><br />To learn more, we talked to Medstar Health’s Dr. Raj Ratwani, a leading researcher on EHR usability and safety.<br /><br />EHRs should make it easier and safer for clinicians to provide care for patients.<br /><br />The sub-optimal usability of EHRs can lead to mistakes like selecting the wrong patient, ordering the wrong drug, or missing critical lab results.<br /><br />Medstar Health’s Dr. Terry Fairbanks, who studies human factors in health care, explained how a computer auto-refresh error can cause a problem without the doctor realizing it. <br /><br />Let’s take two patients. Martha Jones and Daniel Rodriguez, who come into the emergency department on the same day and have similar issues so they both need a chest x-ray.<br /><br />When the doctor goes to see Martha Jones, they pull up the patient’s electronic health record to look at the X-ray. <br /><br />And the doctor actually pulls up Daniel Rodriguez’s X-ray thinking that that it is Martha’s.<br /><br />And this x-ray appears normal, so the doctor sends Martha home.<br /><br />This all happened in a fraction of the second, so let’s slow it down and see what actually happened.<br /><br />In between the first and second click, the database updates, and auto-refreshes.<br /><br />So by the time the doctor finishes the second click, the X-ray icon his cursor was on now, belongs to Daniel Rodriguez. <br /><br />Daniel’s x-ray looks fine.<br /><br />On the other hand, this is Martha Jones's actual X-ray. You can see there's a large, white area here, which represents a pneumonia, which needs antibiotics. Without antibiotics, Martha could get much worse very quickly.<br /><br />This is one example of a Health-IT facilitated error and there are many others.<br /><br />This is a fixable problem, but currently there’s not enough research on how and why these errors occur. <br /><br />All patients deserve the best care possible. <br /><br />We need better data now on how, when and why these challenges arise so that we can all do a better job protecting our patients.{% endraw %}
