---
title: "20 BEAUTIFUL MOMENTS OF RESPECT IN SPORTS!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/EnmlAngXJBY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "EnmlAngXJBY"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["20 BEAUTIFUL MOMENTS OF RESPECT IN SPORTS!","20 Most beautiful moments of respect in sports","Beautiful And Most Touching Moments In Sports"]
date: "2021-09-26T02:56:07+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-09-25T12:00:07Z"
duration: "PT9M26S"
viewcount: "45176"
likeCount: "400"
dislikeCount: "16"
channel: "Q - Did You Know?"
---
{% raw %}Welcome to:  Q-Did You Know? 😍 <br />👉 Today's Topic : 20 BEAUTIFUL MOMENTS OF RESPECT IN SPORTS!<br />In sports, besides the accidents that we often see, there are also many beautiful and kind moments have happened, which mostly touch the hearts of the viewers<br />And lucky that some of those moments have been recorded on time so that I could have an opportunity to collect them here for you guys to watch! And 20 of them will be appearing now!<br />let’s watch until the last minute to realize that sports is not only about being competitive, but also how beautiful humanity is. <br />Note: all the moments appear in the video are real-life moments, which are filmed by the cameraman or live on TV. They happened coincidentally, not staged. <br />In order to create this video: I wrote and edited the script based on the information I found on the Internet, I also used the “Priemere” app to edit the video, then recorded in my own style and added some music to create this interesting video for my viewers to come and enjoy it!<br />The purpose of this is to entertain, providing necessary information about many beautiful and kind moments in sports without any offense. Hope you will enjoy it!<br />I have used the right visualization which abides Youtube’s fair user policy. All the videos I use follow the Copyright Disclaimer section 107 of the Copyright Act of 1976, which allowed “fairly used” for purposes such as criticism, commentary, news, reporting, teaching, scholarships, and research<br />If you accidentally see yourself in the video and would like to be removed, then please contact me through my email: thocgao0806@gmail.com before doing any legal actions. <br />Thank you!<br />.......................<br />............<br />...<br />Good news for my big fans, in order to celebrate my channel getting 3m subscribers, I now have 10 iphone 12 and want to give them to you through joining the lucky draw!<br />If you find this video interesting, then quickly like and share it so that people will get to enjoy these funny moments, subscribe and turn on your notification bell to receive more videos!<br />Then leave a comment telling the reasons why you love this video. Good luck!<br />Note: this is the presents that I want to give to my fans - which is not sponsored by any brands or Youtube. It’s just simply a gift that I use to show my love towards my viewers, not to boost the views. <br />Therefore, I do not accept any spamming comments on my videos.<br />If anyone utilize this to keep spamming on my channel, I will block them, because that means you have violated the Youtube policies!<br />👉 Because the numbers of people playing this is quite a lot so I will only choose 100 people from each video and provide them the code to join in the lucky draw. Thank you for your understanding.<br />-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />👉 THIS IS A FASCINATING LIST THAT YOU MIGHT BE INTERESTED IN:<br />🔥 EMBARRASSING - INAPPROPRIATE SHOWS ON TV: <br /> <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLmysdtJ_faoHNyXt6hr7pPx0Y8fdFTd_a">https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLmysdtJ_faoHNyXt6hr7pPx0Y8fdFTd_a</a><br />🔥IF WERE NOT FILMED , NO ONE WOULD BELIEVE: <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLmysdtJ_faoHOzkGkg32cxrWufDOn-IZR">https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLmysdtJ_faoHOzkGkg32cxrWufDOn-IZR</a><br />🔥EMBARRASSING MOMENT IN SPORTS : <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLmysdtJ_faoEU5KEGxqMg7QAxdNLp4Zxj">https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLmysdtJ_faoEU5KEGxqMg7QAxdNLp4Zxj</a>                                        <br />-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />Q-Did you know?   <br />👉 This is a channel for entertainment, Knowledge<br />Here are some topics that will be included in our videos:<br />👉  Funniest Moments<br />👉  BEAUTIFUL MOMENTS<br />-------------------------------------------------<br />I use different stock footages : &quot;Both Free And Paid&quot;. <br />All of which falls under fair use. <br />clips of videos that I can find related to the video and search images to visualize the narrative and story that I’m trying to tell.<br />Please subscribe  Thank you so much!<br />Track: Diviners - Falling (feat. Harley Bird) [NCS Release]<br />Music provided by NoCopyrightSounds.<br />Watch: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/OtzIeRvDvrg">https://youtu.be/OtzIeRvDvrg</a><br />Free Download / Stream: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://ncs.io/DHBFallingYO">http://ncs.io/DHBFallingYO</a><br />TH843<br />#Beautyfulmoments #Sports #qdidyouknow #Cothebanchuabiet{% endraw %}
