---
title: "Where's the Bathroom? (feat. Tovah Feldshuh) - \"Crazy Ex-Girlfriend\""
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/VJg1zRgkbno\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "VJg1zRgkbno"
categories: "Comedy"
tags: ["Crazy Ex-Girlfriend (Musical Album)","Jewish People (Ethnicity)","Judaism (Religion)"]
date: "2021-10-11T21:40:42+03:00"
vid_date: "2015-12-01T18:10:56Z"
duration: "PT3M1S"
viewcount: "1298006"
likeCount: "15502"
dislikeCount: "141"
channel: "racheldoesstuff"
---
{% raw %}The definitive Jewish mother song.<br /><br />BUY ON ITUNES: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/whe...">https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/whe...</a><br /><br />And buy the &quot;Crazy Ex-Girlfriend&quot; Season 1 Volume 1 Soundtrack AVAILABLE NOW!! <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://smarturl.it/crazyex1_i">http://smarturl.it/crazyex1_i</a><br /><br />Starring Tovah Feldshuh<br />Featuring Rachel Bloom<br />Written by Rachel Bloom, Adam Schlesinger and Jack Dolgen<br />Directed by Steven Tsuchida<br /><br /><br />&quot;Where's the Bathroom&quot; <br /><br />WHERE’S THE BATHROOM! WHERE’S THE BATHROOM! <br />I NEED TO USE THE BATHROOM<br />TELL ME THAT YOU HAVE A BATHROOM <br />IN THIS HOVEL YOU CALL HOME.<br /><br />I DON’T KNOW WHICH WAS BUMPIER<br />THE PLANE RIDE OR THE TAXI<br />ALL THESE FREEWAYS ARE A NIGHTMARE<br />WHERE’S MY PURSE, I NEED MY COMB.<br /><br />BY THE WAY, YOU’RE LOOKING HEALTHY<br />AND BY HEALTHY I MEAN CHUNKY<br />I DON’T MEAN THAT AS AN INSULT<br />I’M JUST STATING IT AS FACT<br /><br />I SEE YOUR ECZEMA IS BACK.<br /><br />ARE YOU USING THE LOTION THAT I SENT YOU?<br />IF YOU’RE NOT GONNA USE IT<br />I’LL RETURN IT TO THE STORE.<br /><br />GOD, I GIVE YOU EVERYTHING<br />AND STILL YOU JUST WANT MORE MORE MORE <br />MORE MORE.<br /><br />WHERE’S THE BATHROOM, WHERE’S THE BATHROOM<br />YOU HAVEN’T TOLD ME WHERE YOUR BATHROOM IS!<br /><br />MOM, IT’S UPSTAIRS<br /><br />OK, FINE, I NEED THE WALK.<br /><br />WELL, YOUR HOUSE IS OY YOY YOY CHARMING <br />THOUGH SOME FLORALS WOULDN’T KILL YOU<br />DO YOU EVER GET A MAID HERE?<br />IT’S SO NICE TO SIT AND TALK.<br /><br />SINCE WHEN DO YOU HAVE <br />A VENDETTA AGAINST VASES?<br />AND WHEN DID YOU STOP WEARING MAKEUP?<br />ARE YOU SURE THAT YOU’RE NOT GAY?<br />I’D STILL LOVE YOU IF YOU WERE GAY<br />IT WOULD EXPLAIN THIS VASE VENDETTA<br />PLEASE JUST TELL ME IF YOU’RE GAY.<br /><br />AGAIN, I’M NOT GAY <br /><br />DON’T INTERRUPT ME, YOU’RE ALWAYS WITH THE TALKING<br />I JUST GOT OFF A PLANE, GIVE ME A MOMENT TO CATCH MY BREATH<br />IT’S THE LEAST YOU CAN DO<br />SINCE YOU LIVED INSIDE ME FOR NINE MONTHS<br />AND YOU STILL HAVEN’T TOLD ME <br />WHERE THE HELL YOUR STUPID BATHROOM IS!!!!<br /><br />I SAID IT’S UPSTAIRS <br /><br />OH RIGHT, THANK YOU<br /><br />YOU CALL THAT A BATHROOM<br />THAT’S WHAT PASSES FOR A BATHROOM?<br />THERE WERE NO BOWLS OF ROCKS OR ANY DECORATIVE SOAPS--<br /><br />YOU DON’T EVEN HAVE A BATH MAT<br />WHO DOESN’T HAVE A BATH MAT?<br />IF YOU NEED A BATH MAT I CAN-- OH, DID YOU HEAR - <br /><br />A BISHOP IN WISCONSIN SAID SOMETHING ANTI-SEMITIC<br />SO THE TEMPLE HAS DECIDED TO BOYCOTT CHEDDAR CHEESE--<br /><br />EVERYONE ASKS HOW YOU’RE DOING<br />“HOW IS LITTLE BECKY?” “IS SHE STILL A BIG SHOT LAWYER?”<br />AND TO THAT I JUST SAY “PLEASE.”<br /><br />YOU WON’T GET A HUSBAND THIS WAY--<br />AT LEAST YOU HAVE YOUR CAREER<br />OH WAIT, YOU THREW OUT YOUR CAREER<br />TO CHASE THIS CALIFORNIA DREAM<br /><br />I WASTED ALL THAT DOUGH ON HARVARD AND YALE<br />FOR YOU TO BE LIVING IN A DUMPIN NOWHERE, USA--<br /><br />GETTING FATTER BY THE MINUTE ON THIS GREASY GOYISH FOOD<br />JUST PUT MY LUGGAGE IN MY ROOM <br />COULD I GET A GLASS OF WATER, I’LL BE BACK IN A MOMENT<br />I NEED TO USE THE BATHROOM AGAIN!{% endraw %}
