---
title: "7 REASONS Why You Can't Get OVER HIM!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/ksKaIBa00Kk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "ksKaIBa00Kk"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["why you can't get over your ex","why you can't get over him","why can't i get over my ex"]
date: "2021-09-25T18:22:57+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-09-17T13:00:24Z"
duration: "PT33M32S"
viewcount: "39764"
likeCount: "2655"
dislikeCount: "29"
channel: "Stephan Speaks"
---
{% raw %}7 REASONS Why You Can't Get OVER HIM!... In this dating advice video, I will give you the 7 reasons why you can’t get over him that you should not overlook. You may wonder why you can’t get over your ex and this may be during your first dates, online dating, or even somewhere in the dating process. Take heed to this dating advice and be sure to watch the entire video. <br /><br />I understand that getting over a breakup is not an easy task, however, I don't want you to keep asking yourself why can’t I get over him? I want to be able to know the reasons why you can’t get over him so that you can improve your dating experience and relationship.<br /><br />I want you to understand that it is normal to struggle with getting over a breakup because many people go through breakups in relationships. In this video, I will focus on helping you to learn how to get over him by letting you understand why you are struggling to get over him. Be sure to embrace this relationship advice so that you can make the process of getting over heartbreak easier for you.<br /><br />As a certified life coach, relationship coach, and dating coach, I want to make dating and relationships easier for you. I pray that you find this video helpful and that you will be able to enjoy dating and have fulfilling, healthy relationships.<br /><br /> If you are asking any of the following questions or searching for:<br />- Why you can’t get over your ex <br />- Why you can’t get over him<br />- Why can’t I get over my ex<br />- Why can’t I get over him<br />- Online dating <br />- Getting over a breakup<br />- Getting over heartbreak<br />- Reasons why you can’t get over him<br />- Get over him<br />- Relationship advice<br />- Relationship advice for women<br />- Relationship coach<br />- Relationship coach for women<br />- Life coach<br />- Dating advice<br />- Dating advice for women<br />- Dating expert<br />and more, well, I believe this dating advice for women video will give you the clarity you need. <br /><br />=============================================== <br /><br />LET'S CONNECT: ★Get my books and more! <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.stephanspeaksshop.com">https://www.stephanspeaksshop.com</a> <br /><br />=============================================== <br />I hope you enjoyed my video 7 REASONS Why You Can't Get OVER HIM!<br /><br />Watch this dating advice video next 9 EARLY Signs A Relationship WILL Fail 👉 <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4VuUyj1-Ei0">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4VuUyj1-Ei0</a><br /><br />=============================================== <br />#ReasonsWhyYouCantGetOverHim #WhyYouCantGetOverHim #GetOverHim #GettingOverABreakup #OnlineDating #WhyYouCantGetOverYourEx #GettingOverHeartbreak #DatingAdvice #DatingAdviceForWomen #StephanSpeaks{% endraw %}
