---
title: "Self Love Healing | 432Hz Music for Meditation | Ancient Frequency Music | Positive Aura Cleanse"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/ZI4746iRqIM\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "ZI4746iRqIM"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["432hz music for meditation","Ancient frequency Music","positive aura cleanse"]
date: "2021-10-17T04:34:03+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-12-01T11:30:02Z"
duration: "PT3H1M59S"
viewcount: "5723210"
likeCount: "54613"
dislikeCount: "2551"
channel: "Spirit Tribe Awakening"
---
{% raw %}Self Love Healing - 432Hz Music for Meditation - Ancient Frequency Music - Positive Aura Cleanse with 417Hz Solfeggio frequency. Peaceful, empowering and soothing music and nature to nurture your mind, body, and soul. Supporting and empowering you on your life journey. ❖ MP3 Download ❖ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.spirittribeawakening.com/product/self-love-healing-432hz-music-for-meditation/">https://www.spirittribeawakening.com/product/self-love-healing-432hz-music-for-meditation/</a><br /><br /><br />Music is tuned to 432Hz and contains the 417Hz Solfeggio frequency.<br /><br />These frequencies have a specific healing effect on your subconscious mind.  <br /><br /><br /><br />❖ Spirit Tribe Online Shop ❖ <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.spirittribeawakening.com">http://www.spirittribeawakening.com</a><br />You can download our music for FREE if you want to.<br />Or you can literally choose the amount you want to give for it. <br /><br />❖ Need Music For Your Projects ❖<br />If you are looking for high-quality Healing Meditation Music with a license to use on your business-related projects (YouTube, apps, etc.) — we recommend: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.highermind-royaltyfreemusic.com/?ref=23">https://www.highermind-royaltyfreemusic.com/?ref=23</a><br /><br />❖ Find us on iTunes ❖  <br />This track + 3 other versions with nature sounds: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://music.apple.com/us/album/self-love-healing-positive-aura-cleanse/1515068563">https://music.apple.com/us/album/self-love-healing-positive-aura-cleanse/1515068563</a><br /><br />❖ Sound Vibration ❖ <br /><br />The most elemental state of vibration is that of sound. Everything has an optimum range of vibration (frequency), and that rate is called resonance. When we are in resonance, we are balanced. Every organ and every cell in our precious body absorbs and emits sound with particular optimum resonate frequency. 432hz and 528hz tuned music creates resonance in our physical, mental, emotional and spiritual body.<br /><br /><br /><br />❖ 417Hz Solfeggio Frequency ❖ Corresponds with our sacral chakra (navel chakra) and is the center of feeling, emotion, pleasure, sensuality, intimacy, creativity and connection. This frequency helps us to accept and love our bodies; accept and acknowledge our emotions; open up for deeper connection with oneself, others and the Universe. It´s all about releasing those blocks we have to fully feel what we are feeling; that is the only way for the emotions to heal and transform. There is tremendous power active within oneself when you truly allow yourself the surrender, be vulnerable and accept your true emotions in the present. 417Hz also encourages our body to let go of locked-in emotions (from trauma and events from this life and past lives), as well as dissolving limiting beliefs that we have been programmed with by people around us and society. It also activates the process of cutting the ancestral energy cords of negative thinking, behavior, and beliefs. It is the center of creativity, passion and manifestation. When in balance you are in the flow of passionate creation; consciously and joyfully manifesting your goals, dreams and intentions. <br /><br /><br /><br />❖ 432Hz Music ❖ <br /><br />Resonates inside our body, releases emotional blockages, and expands our consciousness. 432Hz allows us to tune into the wisdom of the Universe, Divine Intelligence, and our Soul. It creates Unity instead of separation. It expands our hearts and makes us more compassionate and loving. One thing is for sure. A person who resonates with love have inner peace – and this is the starting point for a world where we live in Unity, Peace and Harmony with each other and Mother Earth.<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />❖ Spirit Tribe Awakening ❖ <br /><br />We are here to serve you. To Inspire, Uplift and spread Positive Energy through music and Intention. To support you wherever you are on your journey. Co-creating more Peace, Love, and Happiness in your life, and the millions of people connecting with us.<br /><br /><br /><br />All our music (self-composed and licensed from other composers) is tuned to 432Hz and 528Hz, and contains Solfeggio Frequencies; Miracle Tones that Heal, Change and Transform low vibrational energy (negative energy). Letting go of negative thoughts and emotions. Recharging the LIGHT within you. Refueling mind, body, heart and soul with Powerful Positive Energy that aligns you with your Innate Power, Potential and Resources. <br />When you RAISE YOUR VIBRATION you also help to raise the collective vibration of our beautiful planet and all life on it. You are important. You are important to this planet. You are valuable. You are a beautiful expression of Life. Powerful BEYOND words. <br /><br /><br /><br />&quot;What you want. Wants you.&quot; - Rumi<br /><br /><br /><br />From Heart to Heart. From Soul to Soul. Thank You for connecting with us. <br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />❖ ❖ ❖  ❤️❤️❤️❖ ❖ ❖<br /><br />#432Hzfrequency #miraclemusic #musicformeditation{% endraw %}
