---
title: "How to Intend and Let go at the same time (Manifestation secret)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/ecW8hTQoAvc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "ecW8hTQoAvc"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["intention","intend","how to manifest"]
date: "2021-09-16T13:01:01+03:00"
vid_date: "2017-04-03T17:30:01Z"
duration: "PT6M26S"
viewcount: "59248"
likeCount: "2779"
dislikeCount: "29"
channel: "Aaron Doughty"
---
{% raw %}&quot;Welcome back to another video. My name is Aaron, and I help people expand their consciousness. My name is Aaron. I help people expand their consciousness. Now in this video I'll be sharing with you some manifestation secrets, and understanding how we can let go of the outcome but also have the intention at the same time.<br />&quot;<br />&quot;Now this is something that I talk about in a video that I did on relationships and understanding how we can visualize that which we want, we can have an intention, but at the same time we must completely let go of the outcome and not be attached to how it happens. I've had a couple people ask, how do we go about that process and what is the perfect balance?<br />&quot;<br />&quot;In order to explain this I need to explain the process altogether to give it context for us then understanding how we go about this. During the process it's about understanding that our job, our ego's job, is to focus on what we want, to take action, and that as we begin to do that, we start to become who we prefer to be. We then start to see the reflection in our life of that which we want. Now of course our self-image is also important in that and how we view ourself, because a lot of times our beliefs will be tailored to that. Our beliefs are creating the kind of experiences that we're having.<br />&quot;<br />&quot;Now this is also about understanding what our job is not. Now the how of how things happen, the way things come about, that is not our job. Our job is to be present to the moment. Our job is to take action from a point of presence and to become who we prefer to be, but the how is something we can leave up to the process itself.<br />&quot;<br />&quot;Now what this means is that we have enough trust in ourselves that we are going to put it out there, we're going to focus, we're going to learn from situations, and that from that point, then the opportunities can allow to be brought into us for us to see those things come into fruition. But it's about understanding that to make this a complete kit we have to know that there's also a larger part of the process that's being taken care of.<br />&quot;<br />&quot;Now a lot of times we can try too hard, meaning we're almost doing too much. We're making too much effort. We might be overthinking the process. But when we learn that our job is more of to be in the state of being that we prefer, we then see that that becomes the primary objective and things then fall into place easier. It becomes a much more easy process because the resistance starts to go away.<br />&quot;<br />&quot;Resistance gets brought in when we think we're supposed to more than we actually are, when we think it's our job to force things to happen, to force a circle peg into a square hole. When we realize that if we just relax, we focus on our state of being, things start to happen easier, and then it becomes something that just almost allows itself to happen rather than us trying.<br />&quot;<br />&quot;Now this is why also, though, action is still important. Taking action is a part of us becoming who we want to be. The action is what solidifies and anchors in the conditioning of the feeling that we want. When we start to do that more and more, we start to become who we prefer to be.<br />&quot;<br />&quot;Now letting go of the outcome is also about realizing that we are letting go of the limitations that could be holding us back. Maybe we want to create more financial abundance in our life. But if we are only focused on that happening in one or two little ways, we are actually limiting ourselves from the whole spectrum that our life could bring that through to us. Realize that there are an infinite number of ways that could come through, but sometimes focusing on just one or two ways is limiting the expression of that happening.<br />&quot;<br />&quot;Now this is why the importance is on focusing on the feeling that we want, so the feeling that would come from the financial abundance that we want, from the relationship that we want to create. As we begin to anchor in that feeling and becoming someone that just gives ourself the validation that we want, gives ourself the financial abundance that we want by being that which we want to be, by feeling that freedom, that feeling within, then we increase the probabilities of how that could come through. But if we're attached to it only coming through in one or two ways, we're limiting ourselves from all the other ways that could actually come into our life.<br />&quot;<br />&quot;Many times, things could actually happen better than what we want to happen, but if we're attached to how it has to happen, we're creating a kink in our own hose. We're creating it not to happen in the full expression of how it could. The power of this whole video is in knowing that we don't need to limit ourselves from how things could happen. We can expand our awareness, and then we expand the probabilities for what ...<br /><br /><br />This video is about How to Intend and Let go at the same time (Manifestation secret){% endraw %}
