---
title: "Learn English: \"because\" or \"because of\"?"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/WbeaSDAphQk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "WbeaSDAphQk"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["English","ESL","English grammar"]
date: "2021-11-13T14:26:48+03:00"
vid_date: "2016-06-11T05:20:12Z"
duration: "PT8M6S"
viewcount: "278637"
likeCount: "6329"
dislikeCount: "98"
channel: "Learn English with Rebecca · engVid"
---
{% raw %}What's the difference between &quot;because&quot; and &quot;because of&quot;? The word &quot;because&quot; is used when we express the reason or cause of something. Sometimes, we use it on its own, and other times, we use &quot;because of&quot;. Both of them give reasons, but grammatically, they are used in different situations. Do you know the difference between the two? In this short English grammar lesson, I will teach you how to use these common words correctly.<br />Test your understanding of this lesson by taking my quiz at <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.engvid.com/learn-english-because-or-because-of/">https://www.engvid.com/learn-english-because-or-because-of/</a><br /><br />TRANSCRIPT<br /><br />Hi. I'm Rebecca from engVid. Do you mix up the words &quot;because&quot; and &quot;because of&quot;? It's possible that you do and you know it, and it's possible that you do mix them up but you don't know it. So, let's find out-all right?-in this lesson. Now, both of these terms are used to give reasons, but grammatically, in English, they're actually used very differently. So let's understand this difference in this lesson.<br /><br />So, first: &quot;because&quot; by itself is a conjunction in English, and &quot;because of&quot; in English is a two-word preposition. Okay? So, technically, they are different. Now, &quot;because&quot;, the conjunction, is followed by a subject and a verb. &quot;Because of&quot;, the two-word preposition is followed by a noun or a noun phrase. So, that's the grammar of it. Let's look at some examples so you can really understand this.<br /><br />So here's an example of using &quot;because&quot; properly: &quot;Because it was raining, we cancelled the picnic.&quot; All right? So, what do you see? You see the word &quot;Because&quot;-you see a subject, here, right?-&quot;it&quot;, &quot;was raining&quot;, verb. Right? &quot;Because it was raining, we cancelled the picnic.&quot; All right? So that's the proper use of the word &quot;because&quot;, because it's followed by a subject and a verb. Now, let's look at the same sentence with &quot;because of&quot;. So, as we said, &quot;because of&quot; should be followed by noun or noun phrase. Let's see if that happens in our example. &quot;Because of the rain, we cancelled the picnic.&quot; You see how it's quite different from the first example? Here we said: &quot;Because it was raining&quot;, here we said: &quot;Because of the rain&quot;. So, here, &quot;because&quot; is followed by &quot;rain&quot;, which is a noun. Right? And then the rest of it is the same. Now, even though in both these sentences I started with the word &quot;Because&quot;, it doesn't have to be like that; it could be the other way around. It could be: &quot;We cancelled the picnic because of the rain.&quot; Or: &quot;We cancelled the picnic because it was raining.&quot; Okay? That part doesn't matter, but this part about &quot;because of&quot; or just &quot;because&quot; is still the same.<br /><br />Now, let's take another example. &quot;Because the flight was delayed, they missed the meeting.&quot; All right? So, what do we have here? We have: &quot;Because the flight&quot;-subject-&quot;was delayed&quot; is our verb. Right? So that's fine. &quot;Because the flight was delayed, we missed... They missed the meeting.&quot; Let's look at the next example. &quot;Because of the flight delay, they missed the meeting.&quot; So this time we have here-right?-our noun. &quot;Because of the flight delay&quot;-noun, noun phrase-&quot;they missed the meeting&quot;. All right? Do you see how it's quite different? Let's see how well you've understood this by actually doing some practice together.<br /><br />So, we have here eight fill-in-the-blank sentences, which you will fill in with either &quot;because&quot; or &quot;because of&quot;. Remember the rules. &quot;Because&quot; plus a subject or/and verb. Or: &quot;Because of&quot; plus a noun or noun phrase. Okay? Let's get started.<br /><br />Number one:<br />&quot;__________ she was busy, she didn't call me.&quot;<br />So, should we say: &quot;Because she was busy, she didn't call me.&quot; or should we say: &quot;Because of she was busy, she didn't call me.&quot;? Which one is right? It should be: &quot;Because she was busy&quot;, because we have &quot;Because&quot; plus a subject, &quot;she was busy&quot;. Okay?<br /><br />Next:<br />&quot;__________ the traffic jam, they were late.&quot;<br />Blank the traffic jam, they were late. Should it be: &quot;Because the traffic jam&quot; or &quot;Because of the traffic jam&quot;? Which one is right? It should be: &quot;Because of the traffic jam&quot;. Okay? Good.<br /><br />Number three:<br />&quot;__________ he had the flu, he couldn't work.&quot;<br />Blank, should it be: &quot;Because he had the flu&quot; or &quot;Because of he had the flu&quot;? Which one is right? What belongs here? &quot;Because&quot;. Okay? Again, &quot;Because&quot;, subject, and verb.<br /><br />Next:<br />&quot;__________ the distance, they took a taxi.&quot;<br />Should it be: &quot;Because the distance, they took a taxi&quot; or &quot;Because of the distance&quot;? It should be: &quot;Because of the distance&quot;, right? Because we have a noun after that. &quot;Because of the distance, they took a taxi.&quot;<br /><br />How's it going so far? Is it going well? I hope so. You have four more. Okay? Let's go.<br /><br />Number five:<br />&quot;We visited John __________ he was in the hospital.&quot;<br />Poor John. So: &quot;We visited John because he was in the hospital.&quot; or &quot;We visited John because of he was in the hospital.&quot;? It should be... Okay. [Laughs] All right. So: &quot;We visited John because he was in the hospital.&quot; All right? Good.{% endraw %}
