---
title: "Workout to Get Lower Abs Fast (7 MINUTES!)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/j22ncHwoRkU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "j22ncHwoRkU"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["lower abs","lower ab workout","lower abs workout"]
date: "2021-09-18T03:58:18+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-07-26T16:55:53Z"
duration: "PT8M26S"
viewcount: "1862267"
likeCount: "50804"
dislikeCount: "1055"
channel: "ATHLEAN-X™"
---
{% raw %}If you want to get lower abs fast you are going to need to do a couple of things that are especially important. First, you will need to get your nutrition cleaned up. Due to the fact that most men and many women tend to store fat in their lower abdomen it is often the last to come off and therefore requires a higher dedication to eating right to get rid of it. Second, many people don’t train their lower abs correctly or simply don’t have the strength to do lower ab workouts right.<br /><br />While it is anatomically impossible to isolate the lower abs from the upper abs and get them to contract independent of the other, it is possible to influence the fiber activation of one area over the other. This is due to the fact that the different areas of the abdominals have different nerve innervation and that there is evidence to support that movements the are initiated with the pelvis moving towards the shoulders can recruit better fiber activation of the lower abdominal region.<br /><br />That said, there is a big downside to lower ab, bottom up exercises. The fact that these moves require that you lift the weight of your legs makes them instantly more challenging and demanding than top down shoulder to pelvis ab exercises. What winds up happening is those whose lower abs aren’t strong enough wind up overtaxing their hip flexors and not getting enough work for their abs.<br /><br />This lower ab workout solves this problem.<br /><br />By incorporating hip flexor relief exercises in between the classic exercises for lower abs that involve lifting the legs, one is able to tolerate the moves better and get through the whole ab workout. In the long run, this allows you to build up the strength of your abs and get better at the workout. There are three levels of ability provided in this lower abs workout.<br /><br />Beginners perform the hip flexor dominant ab exercises for 15 seconds and immediately follow this with a 15 second rest before moving onto the next movement.<br /><br />Intermediates perform the exercises for 20 seconds and immediately follow this with a 10 second rest before moving onto the next lower ab exercise.<br /><br />Advanced perform the ab exercises for 25 seconds and take just 5 seconds rest before proceeding to the next exercise in the ab workout.<br /><br />That said, when it comes to the hip flexor relief exercises, all performers of the workout regardless of their ability level are doing to perform the exercises for 25 seconds with 5 seconds rest due to the fact that the weight of the legs has been taken out of the equation.<br /><br />When the 3 minute lower ab workout is complete, take a one minute rest and then get back in there again and repeat for a second round. In total, this workout will target your lower abs better and do the job fast. You can complete this ab workout in just 7 minutes. It is recommended that you do some type of ab training at least 4-5 times per week. That said, you can train your abs daily and not have to worry about overtraining provided you are following a brief but focused ab workout like this.<br /><br />The specific workout for lower abs looks like this:<br /><br />LOWER AB MOVES<br />1A. Figure 8’s<br />2A. Bicycle V-Ups (Hand Spotted for Beginners)<br />3A. 3-Way Seated Ab Tucks<br /><br />HIP FLEXOR RELIEF EXERCISES<br />1B. Lower Ab Swipes<br />2B. Heaven Presses<br />3B. KTE Crunches<br /><br />Complete all reps without resting during your time (determined by your ability level above). Alternate between A and B exercises until all 6 are completed.<br /><br />If you’re looking for a complete lower ab workout program that will get you ripped six pack abs and includes a daily meal plan for losing body fat fast, be sure to check out the Core4 Abs program at athleanx.com and start training your abs with a purpose. <br /><br />If you want more follow along ab workouts for lower abs or just want to see how to lose body fat fast, be sure to subscribe to our channel on youtube via the link below and remember to turn on your notifications so you never miss a new video when it’s published.<br /><br />Build Muscle in 90 Days - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://athleanx.com/x/my-workouts">http://athleanx.com/x/my-workouts</a><br />Subscribe to this channel here - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://youtube.com/user/jdcav24">http://youtube.com/user/jdcav24</a>{% endraw %}
