---
title: "Learn English Phrasal Verbs with BRING: bring on, bring about, bring forward..."
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/MyGPq4gmDyQ\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "MyGPq4gmDyQ"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["English","ESL","Learn English"]
date: "2021-09-24T07:47:12+03:00"
vid_date: "2017-02-09T07:15:37Z"
duration: "PT11M22S"
viewcount: "572811"
likeCount: "15811"
dislikeCount: "243"
channel: "Adam’s English Lessons · engVid"
---
{% raw %}Understand and use English like a native speaker by learning these phrasal verbs. Today's phrasal verbs all have the word 'bring' in them: bring up, bring in, bring about , and many others. Hear examples of how these expressions are used in daily language, and practice them on my quiz. Don't let phrasal verbs bring you down; bring them on, and we'll bring them to light! <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.engvid.com/learn-english-phrasal-verbs-with-bring-bring-on-bring-about-bring-forward/">http://www.engvid.com/learn-english-phrasal-verbs-with-bring-bring-on-bring-about-bring-forward/</a><br /><br />TRANSCRIPT<br /><br />Hi. Welcome back to www.engvid.com. I'm Adam. In today's video we're going to look at phrasal verbs using the verb: &quot;bring&quot;. Once again, phrasal verbs: A verb and a preposition that together have a very different meaning than the words by themselves, sometimes more than one meaning, as we're going to see here. So we're going to look at: &quot;bring up&quot;, &quot;bring about&quot;, &quot;bring around&quot;, &quot;bring back&quot;, &quot;bring down&quot;, &quot;bring in&quot;, &quot;bring on&quot;, &quot;bring off&quot;, and &quot;bring to&quot;. These are the ones we're going to look at today. And again, each of them has at least one meaning, sometimes... More often than not, more than one meaning.<br /><br />So: &quot;bring up&quot;, a few meanings to this one. The most commonly used one is to bring up something means to raise, but not raise like physically, raise in terms of conversation. So if we're going to talk... We're going to have a conversation and I want to talk about something specific, I'm going to find an opportunity to bring it up in conversation. So I'm going to raise that topic, and we're going to talk about it, and it's going to be the focus of the conversation. So if you're going to a meeting with your boss and you're thinking: &quot;Oh, it's time for my promotion&quot;, somehow you'll find a way to bring it up into the conversation and eventually talk about it. You can also bring up a child. So you can raise a child, that's the one... The verb most people use about children, you raise children, but you also bring them up. Now, it doesn't mean that you physically lift them. It means you educate them, you feed them, you teach them about life, you prepare them for the world they're going to live in. Okay? So you bring them up. Another thing sometimes people use &quot;bring up&quot; is to throw up, puke, vomit. So, today I had a really bad lunch. I hope I don't bring it up all over this video. But I won't. Don't worry, I'm okay. I had a nice lunch. So: &quot;bring up&quot; sometimes used as vomit. There's too many slang words for vomit.<br /><br />&quot;Bring about&quot;, two meanings for this one. One is to cause to happen. Okay? So something... One situation exists, this situation will likely bring about this result. Okay? If we talk about military spending, so the government has decided to go to war in this part of the world, but all the major economists are warning that this war will bring about the destruction of our country economically. Okay? The war will bring about economic hardships to this country. We can't afford it. So: &quot;bring about&quot;. Now, a little side note, not really anything to do with phrasals, but I know all of you think of the words: &quot;effect&quot; and &quot;affect&quot;. A... &quot;A&quot; is the verb, &quot;e&quot; is the noun, but &quot;effect&quot; with an &quot;e&quot; is the same as &quot;bring about&quot;, it means cause to happen. This is a verb. So &quot;e&quot; can be a verb and a noun, &quot;a&quot; can be a verb and a noun, but that's a whole other lesson. &quot;Bring about&quot;, &quot;effect&quot;, same meaning. Okay. &quot;Bring around&quot;. Oh, sorry. Another &quot;bring about&quot;. If you're ever on a ship and you need to turn that ship and bring it back to the port, then you have to bring it about. Basically means turn around. But we use this mostly with ships, bring about. Okay.<br /><br />&quot;Bring around&quot;, a few meanings to this as well. &quot;Bring around&quot; basically means to revive someone. So somebody is passed out, they fainted or whatever happened, they're lying on the ground, they look like asleep. You're trying to bring them around, means recover consciousness. Okay? &quot;Bring around&quot; means also bring a friend over to meet other friends, like a casual visit. And the most common use: If you have a very set opinion about something and I have a very different opinion, I will do my best to bring you around to my opinion. So I want to persuade you, I want to make you change your mind and bring you around to view the situation from the way I view it, from my perspective. So I'm going to bring you around to my point of view. That's the most common use of &quot;bring around&quot;.<br /><br />&quot;Bring back&quot;, so, again, there's the literal bring back. So you bought something from a store, you took it home, like a shirt, you tried it on, you realize: &quot;You know what? I don't like it.&quot; So you bring it back to the store. Now you can also say: &quot;take it back&quot;, but technically you're taking it with you, so you're bringing it back to the store. Now, sometimes, people, especially celebrities, they try to bring back something that used to be very popular.{% endraw %}
