---
title: "LESLIE CLIO - MAKE THINGS BETTER  [2016]"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/WRmRSetiSZE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "WRmRSetiSZE"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["LESLIE CLIO","The Adult Contemporary Music Ch"]
date: "2021-11-12T13:48:00+03:00"
vid_date: "2016-05-14T03:02:02Z"
duration: "PT4M13S"
viewcount: "23810"
likeCount: "120"
dislikeCount: "5"
channel: "The Adult Contemporary Music Channel"
---
{% raw %}LESLIE CLIO - MAKE THINGS BETTER  [2016]<br /><br />THE USE OF ANY COPYRIGHTED MATERIAL IS USED UNDER THE GUIDELINES OF &quot;FAIR USE&quot; IN TITLE 17 ยง 107 OF THE UNITED STATES CODE. <br />SUCH MATERIAL REMAINS THE COPYRIGHT OF THE ORIGINAL HOLDER AND IS USED HERE AS NON FOR PROFIT, FOR THE PURPOSES OF EDUCATION, COMPARISON, AND CRITICISM ONLY. <br />NO INFRINGEMENT OF COPYRIGHT IS INTENDED.<br /><br />An owner may feel free contact me through my <br />YouTube <br />Channel if they identify a video that belongs to <br />them and<br />wish it to be removed. <br /><br />I will do so promptly. Without the need of <br />involving youtube. <br />Thank you.<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://itunes.apple.com/am/album/eureka-deluxe-version/id969762306">https://itunes.apple.com/am/album/eureka-deluxe-version/id969762306</a><br /><br />www.leslieclio.com<br />www.twitter.com/leslieclio<br />www.instagram.com/lesliecliofficial<br /><br />Leslie Clio (born August 16, 1986) is a German singer and songwriter.<br /><br />Biography:<br />In 2010 Leslie Clio moved to Berlin. She played with Keane, Marlon Roudette, Phoenix and Joss Stone on tour.<br /><br />Nikolai Potthoff produced her first album Gladys, which was released February 8th, 2013. The debut single Told You So was released September 15th, 2012. The second single I Couldn't Care Less also appeared on the soundtracks of Der Schlussmacher and Today I'm Blonde. She is a guest singer and co-wrote Oliver Koletzki's Single No Man, No Cry, which was released on October 10, 2014. She also appeared on Shuko's record For the love of it (2015) with the song Heatwave featuring Talib Kweli<br /><br />She was nominated for an Echo in 2014 for best female artist national.<br /><br />Leslie Clio was one of the five members of the German jury for the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 in Vienna.<br /><br />Her second record &quot;Eureka&quot; was released April 17th in Germany.<br /><br />She moved to London in 2015.<br /><br />Here at The Adult <br />Contemporary Music <br />Channel <br /><br />we feature the <br />latest and greatest AC <br />stars of all time<br /><br />who have current hits <br />out there. <br /><br />No where on you tube <br />will you find same. <br /><br />If <br />you want to know <br />what's new<br /><br />&amp; now in AC music <br /><br />please sub to The Adult <br />Contemporary Music <br />Channel <br /><br />and you'll stay <br />plugged in...<br /><br />Thanks for watching!   &amp;<br /><br />Again don't forget to sub!<br /> <br />Thank you very much <br />for being part of The <br />Adult Contemporary <br />Music Channel.<br /><br />Don't keep it a secret ....<br /><br />Please share this channel with everyone you <br />know, as we grow together! :){% endraw %}
