---
title: "Yellow deposits first appeared on the slopes of the volcano: How dangerous is it?"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/zIjAwikdanw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "zIjAwikdanw"
categories: "Travel-Events"
tags: ["When the earth is angry","weather events","natural disaster"]
date: "2021-11-09T06:52:27+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-07T15:15:02Z"
duration: "PT3M2S"
viewcount: "150384"
likeCount: "2123"
dislikeCount: "64"
channel: "When The Earth Is Angry"
---
{% raw %}Overview of weather and natural events in the World.<br />What is happening in this world: natural disasters on the planet of Earth.<br />The latest news about weather events and disasters. The climate is changing rapidly, which inevitably leads to global warming.<br /><br />A change in the dynamics of the eruption of the Cumbre Vieja volcano on the island of La Palma (Spain) was recorded. Sulfur deposits on the slope indicate that the magmatic component of the gas is decreasing and the release of H2S is increasing. This fact does not mean the cessation of the eruption, but suggests a clear change in its dynamics.<br />The head of the volcanology department of the National Geographic Institute (IGN), Carmen Lopez, noted that the evolution of the eruption of the Cumbre Vieja volcano is normal and proceeds in a stable process, but is highly variable.<br />“The volcano does not stop, it spews out lava, there is an internal adjustment process. There is still very strong seismicity and shaking associated with this material release system. Stability does not mean that the volcano is inactive, but behaves in a similar way in recent days. &quot;<br />In recent days, a lesser eruption of lava has been observed, it has a lower intensity, but &quot;impulses&quot; occur at certain points in time.<br /><br />The channel presents such weather events and natural disasters as:<br /><br />1. Water: rain, hail, snowfall, flood, mudflow, tsunami, high tide, heavy rainfall, snow, huge waves, river flooding, dam overflow, ice flood, snowfall.<br />2. Fire: fire, forest fire, volcanic lava, lightning.<br />3. Earth: earthquake, landslide, rockfall, sinkhole.<br />4. Air: tornado, hurricane, wind, cyclone, storm, typhoon, sandstorm, tropical storm.<br />5. Space: lunar eclipse, solar eclipse, planetary parade, asteroid, comet, planet, satellite, meteorite, UFO, fireball in the sky, space debris, full moon, ISS, space exploration, Space X, NASA.<br />6. Nature: animals, insects, plants, climatic zones, natural events and phenomena.<br /><br />Subscribe to the channel &quot;When the Earth is Angry&quot;: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCp2Ld1eSnZjiWbOd4sQOp6Q/">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCp2Ld1eSnZjiWbOd4sQOp6Q/</a><br /><br />ATTENTION: All videos are taken from public sources. The selection is carried out by date of publication, title, description and place of the event. Sometimes, due to unfair posting of news on social networks, the video may contain frames that do not correspond to the date and place. It is not always possible to check all videos. We apologize for possible mistakes!<br /><br />#CumbreVieja<br />#LaPalma<br />#Volcano<br />#Eruption<br />#VolcanicEruption<br />#ExtremeWeather<br />#GlobalWarming<br />#NaturalDisasters<br />#ClimateChange{% endraw %}
