---
title: "GIVE PEACE A CHANCE. (Ultimate Mix, 2020) - Plastic Ono Band (official music video HD)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/C3_0GqPvr4U\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "C3_0GqPvr4U"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["John Lennon","Yoko Ono","Tommy Smothers"]
date: "2021-11-22T09:37:10+03:00"
vid_date: "2016-12-18T15:19:55Z"
duration: "PT4M56S"
viewcount: "4618298"
likeCount: "61827"
dislikeCount: "1341"
channel: "johnlennon"
---
{% raw %}JOHN LENNON. GIMME SOME TRUTH. THE ULTIMATE MIXES. The Very Best of John Lennon.<br />36 tracks completely remixed from the original multitracks in Stereo, 5.1 and Dolby Atmos.<br />Listen to JOHN LENNON like you've never heard him before. OUT NOW → <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://bit.ly/JL-GST">http://bit.ly/JL-GST</a><br /><br />GIVE PEACE A CHANCE<br />A one, two, a one two three four<br /><br />Everybody's talking ‘bout<br />Bagism, Shagism, Dragism, Madism<br />Ragism, Tagism, This-ism, That-ism<br />'ism, 'ism, 'ism<br /><br />All we are saying is give peace a chance<br />(That's all we're saying)<br />All we are saying is give peace a chance<br />(Yeah! Come on!)<br /><br />Everybody's talking 'bout <br />Ministers, sinisters, banisters and canisters<br />Bishops and fishops and rabbis and Popeyes <br />and bye bye (Bye bye)<br /><br />All we are saying is give peace a chance<br />(What are we saying? Give peace a chance)<br />All we are saying is give peace a chance<br />(Give it a chance, baby, give it a try. Right!)<br /><br />Let me tell you now<br />Everybody's talking ‘bout <br />Revolution, evolution, mass inflation, flagellation<br />Regulation, integration, meditation, United Nations<br />Congratulations! <br /><br />All we are saying (Keep talking) <br />Is give peace a chance (Hey! They can't ban this one)<br />All we are saying (Let’s hear it for the West Coast) <br />Is give peace a chance (Oh let’s! Listen to this. OK!) <br /><br />Everybody's talking ‘bout <br />John &amp; Yoko, Timmy Leary, Rosemary, Tommy Smothers<br />Bobby Dylan, Tommy Cooper, Derek Taylor, Norman Mailer<br />Alan Ginsberg, Hare Krishna, Hare, Hare Krishna<br /><br />All we are saying is give peace a chance<br />(Come on, come on, come on)<br />All we are saying is give peace a chance<br />(Let's hear it for the squares)<br />All we are saying is give peace a chance<br />(Let's hear it for the hippies and the yippies. Yay!)<br />All we are saying (Come on!) <br />Is give peace a chance<br />(Let's hear it for people now. Yeah!)<br /><br />All we are saying is give peace a chance<br />(Let's hear it for Hare Krishna! Yay!)<br />All we are saying is give peace a chance<br />(Everybody now, come on)<br />All we are saying is give peace a chance<br />(What are we saying, let me hear it)<br />All we are saying is give peace a chance<br />(Everybody now, come on)<br /><br />All we are saying <br />(You won't get it unless you want it and we want it now)<br />Is give peace a chance (Yeah, now!)<br />All we are saying (Come together)<br />Is give peace a chance (Come together, all together)<br />All we are saying is give peace a chance <br />(Can anybody hear me? Yeah!)<br />All we are saying (We can get it tomorrow, today) <br />Is give peace a chance (If you really want it, now. OK! Now)<br /><br />All we are saying is give peace a chance (Yes. Yeah!)<br />All we are saying is give peace a chance <br /><br />OK, beautiful! <br />Yeah, we made it! <br />Turn the lights off, let's rest!<br /><br />Written by John Lennon and Yoko Ono<br /><br />&quot;All we are saying is give peace a chance&quot; - The song was written by John &amp; Yoko during their weeklong 'BED-IN' advertising campaign for Peace, held in Montreal, Canada in 1969. The film features the original 31 May 1969 recording of 'Give Peace A Chance' and includes John &amp; Yoko appearing at the National Peace Rally in Bryant Park, New York on 22 April 1972 plus additional protest footage from the era. It concludes with the hundreds of thousands of shocked fans who, after John's sudden death, gathered for simultaneous vigils in Liverpool, London, New York and all around the world on 14 December 1980, to sing &quot;Give Peace A Chance&quot; and remember John.<br /><br />Watch the film BED PEACE at <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mRjjiOV003Q">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mRjjiOV003Q</a><br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.johnlennon.com">http://www.johnlennon.com</a>{% endraw %}
