---
title: "How Sweets and Grains Deplete Your Vitamins? – Dr.Berg On Effects Of Sugar"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/jsag0FWSClw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "jsag0FWSClw"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["vitamins","effects of sugar","nutrients"]
date: "2021-11-02T14:26:19+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-08-17T10:30:02Z"
duration: "PT3M24S"
viewcount: "58922"
likeCount: "3886"
dislikeCount: "25"
channel: "Dr. Eric Berg DC"
---
{% raw %}Your vitamins and other nutrients can be depleted when you eat sweets and grains. <br /><br />Timestamps: <br />0:00 Your vitamins can be depleted when you eat sweets and grains<br />0:55 If your heart rate rises after a high carbohydrate meal, this is why<br />2:15 If you consume sugar over a period of time, your insulin will rise, resulting in insulin resistance<br /><br />In this video, I explain how eating sweets and refined carbohydrates can actually pull nutrients such as vitamins from your body. <br /><br />The first question to ask is, what do nutrients actually do in your body? They act as a co-helper in, as one example, your metabolism; in other words, burning fuel. When you consume calories that lack nutrients, your body has to pull them from its reserves to either burn fuel or make tissue. <br /><br />For example, to burn glucose your body needs vitamin B1, potassium, and magnesium. These three nutrients are vitally important when making energy. Zinc is important as well. Any time you consume sugar, you pull these nutrients from your reserves. If your heart rate goes up after you consume a high carbohydrate meal, that’s indicative of a potassium and vitamin B1 deficiency. <br /><br />Or you may get swollen ankles, which is indicative of a low potassium/high sodium ratio. If you become low in magnesium, you could develop insomnia, anxiety, or even feel stressed. If you feel stressed after a high carbohydrate meal, this could be a combination of low magnesium and B1.<br /><br />A zinc deficiency can result in low testosterone, a lowered immune system, and even loss of taste or smell. <br /><br />As far as vitamin C goes, its chemical structure is similar to glucose. If you have both vitamin C and glucose in your body, your body will choose glucose first. Too much glucose will deplete your vitamin C. <br /><br />If you consume sugar and refined carbs over a period of time, your blood sugar will rise. Your insulin will also rise in response, and eventually can result in insulin resistance. You have a difficult time absorbing glucose and insulin into your cells, along with a reduced ability to absorb amino acids, vitamins, and minerals. This is why people who are diabetic and pre-diabetic usually have numerous nutritional deficiencies, leading to complications with nerves, eyes, and kidneys. <br /><br />If you’re diabetic and consume nutrient-dense foods, you would have fewer complications from the depletion of vitamins and other nutrients.<br /><br />Dr Eric Berg DC Bio: <br />Dr. Berg, age 55, is a chiropractor who specializes in Healthy Ketosis &amp; Intermittent Fasting. He is the author of the best-selling book The Healthy Keto Plan, and is the Director of Dr. Berg Nutritionals. He no longer practices, but focuses on health education through social media.<br /> <br />Follow us on FACEBOOK: fb.me/DrEricBerg <br />Send a Message to his team: m.me/DrEricBerg<br />ABOUT DR. BERG: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/39LCWg8">https://bit.ly/39LCWg8</a><br /> <br />Disclaimer: Dr. Eric Berg received his Doctor of Chiropractic degree from Palmer College of Chiropractic in 1988. His use of “doctor” or “Dr.” in relation to himself solely refers to that degree. Dr. Berg is a licensed chiropractor in Virginia, California, and Louisiana, but he no longer practices chiropractic in any state and does not see patients so he can focus on educating people as a full-time activity, yet he maintains an active license. This video is for general informational purposes only. It should not be used to self-diagnose and it is not a substitute for a medical exam, cure, treatment, diagnosis, and prescription or recommendation. It does not create a doctor-patient relationship between Dr. Berg and you. You should not make any change in your health regimen or diet before first consulting a physician and obtaining a medical exam, diagnosis, and recommendation. Always seek the advice of a physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. The Health &amp; Wellness, Dr. Berg Nutritionals and Dr. Eric Berg, D.C. are not liable or responsible for any advice, course of treatment, diagnosis or any other information, services or product you obtain through this video or site. <br /><br />Thanks for watching! <br /><br />Did you know that consuming sweets and grains can seriously deplete your vitamins and other nutrients?{% endraw %}
