---
title: "What Is A Quantity Surveyor?"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/sigo0-VxBk8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "sigo0-VxBk8"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["on property","onproperty.com.au","onpropertyau"]
date: "2021-10-13T01:21:05+03:00"
vid_date: "2016-03-28T06:05:28Z"
duration: "PT11M2S"
viewcount: "75617"
likeCount: "615"
dislikeCount: "40"
channel: "On Property"
---
{% raw %}What is a quantity surveyor? What do they do and when do you need to hire them?<br /><br />What is a quantity surveyor? What do they do and why is it important to you as you’re building your property portfolio?<br /><br />Hey, I’m Ryan from onproperty.com.au, helping you find positive cash flow properties. I wanted to teach you today about exactly what a quantity surveyor does and when it’s going to be worth you hiring them.<br /><br />A quantity surveyor is someone who’s a specialist in the measurement and the estimation of construction cost. Now, this means that they’re really good at looking at plans of a property and working out how much concrete? How much steel? How many bricks? What is going to go into this property and how much is it going to cost? They’re also a specialist at looking at an existing property that’s already been built. Maybe it was built 20 years ago.<br /><br />They can assess it and say they used likely this many bricks, this much wood, this many tiles and how much would that have cost 20 years ago when that property was built. So they can estimate the cost of a property that’s going to be built. They can also estimate the cost of a property that has already been built.<br /><br />-------------------------------------------<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://onproperty.com.au/354">http://onproperty.com.au/354</a> - View the full transcription and audio version of this episode.<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://onproperty.com.au/free">http://onproperty.com.au/free</a> - See real positive cash flow property listings<br /><br />-------------------------<br /><br />DISCLAIMER No Legal, Financial &amp; Taxation Advice<br />The Listener, Reader or Viewer acknowledges and agrees that:<br />• Any information provided by us is provided as general information and for general information purposes only;<br />• We have not taken the Listener, Reader or Viewers personal and financial circumstances into account when providing information;<br />• We must not and have not provided legal, financial or taxation advice to the Listener, Reader or Viewer;<br />• The information provided must be verified by the Listener, Reader or Viewer prior to the Listener, Reader or Viewer acting or relying on the information by an independent professional advisor including a legal, financial, taxation advisor and the Listener, Reader or Viewers accountant;<br />• The information may not be suitable or applicable to the Listener, Reader or Viewer's individual circumstances;<br />• We do not hold an Australian Financial Services Licence as defined by section 9 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) and we are not authorised to provide financial services to the Listener, Reader or Viewer, and we have not provided financial services to the Listener, Reader or Viewer.{% endraw %}
