---
title: "PLVTINUM & Tarro - Champagne & Sunshine (Lyrics) \"British men do it best\" [TikTok Song]"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/WTL6mcVhbIg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "WTL6mcVhbIg"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Matrix Sound","British men do it best","British men do it best Tiktok"]
date: "2021-10-01T10:32:51+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-05-05T10:36:18Z"
duration: "PT3M56S"
viewcount: "6420983"
likeCount: "87012"
dislikeCount: "1035"
channel: "Matrix Sound"
---
{% raw %}Follow our spotify playlist (TikTok Bangers)<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://open.spotify.com/playlist/70JGeLOPQMYiFX47QqTOj0?si=61x74EvxS5aGwS8espohcg&amp;utm_source=copy-link">https://open.spotify.com/playlist/70JGeLOPQMYiFX47QqTOj0?si=61x74EvxS5aGwS8espohcg&amp;utm_source=copy-link</a><br /><br />Subscribe and press (🔔) to join the Notification Squad and stay updated with new uploads <br /><br /><br /><br />📷 Wallpaper: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://unsplash.com">https://unsplash.com</a><br /><br />©️If any producer or label has an issue with this song or picture, please get in contact with us and we will delete it immediately.<br /><br />Lyrics<br /><br />[Intro]<br />She got.. she got.. she got.. she got that rich girl.. L.A. vibe<br />She got… she got… she got… she got that rich girl..<br /><br />[Verse 1: PLVTINUM]<br />Love, take it off<br />She love that dirty talk<br />Pushing her up, against the wall<br />White wine and bubblegum<br /><br />[Pre-Chorus: PLVTINUM]<br />She got that rich girl L.A. vibe (L.A.)<br />She whip it good in her daddy’s 95<br />Rough sex on the bedroom floor<br />Hop in the shower, she begging for more<br />Do not disturb on the hotel door<br />Waking the neighbors<br /><br />[Chorus: PLVTINUM]<br />All I want is champagne and sunshine<br />Looking for a good time<br />Sipping on the stars while we laying under sunlight<br />Tanned skin, light eyes<br />Oh my, she’s so damn fine<br />Kissing on her neck<br />We be running from the night time<br /><br />[Drop]<br />She got… she got… she got… she got that rich girl<br />She got… she got… she got… she got that rich girl<br /><br />[Chorus: PLVTINUM]<br />All I want is champagne and sunshine<br />Looking for a good time<br />Sipping on the stars while we laying under sunlight<br />Tanned skin, light eyes<br />Oh my, she’s so damn fine<br />Kissing on her neck<br />We be running from the night time<br /><br />[Bridge]<br />She love to light it up<br />She smoke that lemon drop<br />Under the sun<br />Fill my cup<br />Ohh<br />Rosé and bubblegum<br /><br />[Pre-Chorus: PLVTINUM]<br />She got that rich girl L.A. vibe (L.A.)<br />She ride it good like she works it nine to five<br />Band tees and some ripped jeans<br />She a bad bitch, she be looking like Kylie<br />Blue eyes and green tea (she be looking like Kylie)<br /><br />[Chorus: PLVTINUM]<br />All she want is champagne and sunshine<br />Looking for a good time<br />Sipping on the stars while we laying under sunlight<br />Tanned skin, light eyes<br />Oh my, she’s so damn fine<br />Kissing on her neck<br />We be running from the-<br /><br />[Pre-Drop]<br />All she want is..<br /><br />[Drop]<br />She got… she got… she got… she got that rich girl<br />She got… she got… she got… she got that...<br /><br />[Outro: PLVTINUM]<br />All I want is champagne and sunshine<br />Looking for a good time<br />Sipping on the stars while we laying under sunlight<br />Tanned skin, light eyes<br />Oh my, she’s so damn fine<br />Kissing on her neck<br />We be running from the night time<br /><br />She got..<br /><br />Tags 📝<br />British men do it best,British men do it best Tiktok,British men do it best Tiktok Song,British men do it best PLVTINUM &amp; Tarro,PLVTINUM &amp; Tarro,PLVTINUM,Tarro,Champagne &amp; Sunshine,Champagne &amp; Sunshine Lyrics,Champagne &amp; Sunshine Tiktok Song,PLVTINUM Champagne &amp; Sunshine,PLVTINUM Champagne &amp; Sunshine Lyrics,PLVTINUM Champagne &amp; Sunshine Tiktok Song,PLVTINUM &amp; Tarro Champagne &amp; Sunshine Lyrics,PLVTINUM &amp; Tarro Champagne &amp; Sunshine Tiktok Song{% endraw %}
