---
title: "Learn English Words - INQUISITIVE - Meaning, Vocabulary Lesson with Pictures and Examples"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/lGSXVS-zWYs\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "lGSXVS-zWYs"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["learn english","advanced english","english"]
date: "2021-11-19T13:17:14+03:00"
vid_date: "2017-07-07T14:20:01Z"
duration: "PT1M6S"
viewcount: "4593"
likeCount: "50"
dislikeCount: "2"
channel: "VocabularyHelp - Learn English Words With Meaning"
---
{% raw %}✔️ LEARN 20 WORDS <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/TSGdNMzlrcg">https://youtu.be/TSGdNMzlrcg</a><br /><br />LEARN MORE WORDS ► <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFI8F2-zJm4&amp;list=PL5oykh1rbQ4NfsEddIzO9poa7DlC5FOS9&amp;index=1">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFI8F2-zJm4&amp;list=PL5oykh1rbQ4NfsEddIzO9poa7DlC5FOS9&amp;index=1</a><br /><br />What does Inquisitive mean? Learn the meaning of Inquisitive as we define this advanced vocabulary word with a simple definition, pictures, example sentences, English pronunciation and audio.<br /><br />Inquisitive definition: eager for knowledge; curious<br /><br />Examples of Inquisitive in a sentence:<br /><br />The inquisitive little boy would not stop asking his parents questions.<br /><br />If you want to be a good detective, it helps to have an inquisitive nature.<br /><br />Inquisitive people are usually the ones who make the most exciting discoveries.<br /><br />Although I am normally not inquisitive about my neighbors, I am very curious about the people who moved next door to me.<br /><br />Because my grandmother is an inquisitive woman, she always has to know everyone’s business.<br /><br />---<br /><br />Learn English fast, quickly improve and remember vocabulary with ease by listening and watching our daily word of the day videos. <br /><br />Our goal with these interactive videos is to expose you to English words you may not read or hear very often.<br /><br />We want to make learning new vocabulary words a fun experience, but more importantly we want to make learning and memorizing new words effective!<br /><br />Listen to our videos one time and you will memorize words 10x faster than by reading alone. Improve English FASTER with audio, as our videos with subtitles are great listening practice for every language level.<br /><br />Understand English vocabulary words in context, study WITHOUT the need of dictionaries and flashcards, and DON'T FORGET challenging words with our spoken English learning videos.<br /><br />Even if you are a beginner, at the intermediate English level, or an advanced English speaker, this is an awesome YouTube channel to learn English words everyday. <br /><br />Most of the words we feature on this channel are found on the SAT, GRE Test, GMAT, ESL and IELTS exam. We pull these words, definitions and sentence examples off of our English words list on <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://wordsinasentence.com">https://wordsinasentence.com</a><br /><br />Our free English video lessons teach the big and most difficult words kids practice in Kindergarten, 1st grade, 2nd grade, 3rd grade, 4th grade, 5th grade, 6th grade, 7th grade, 8th grade, 9th grade, 10th grade, 11th grade and 12th grade k-12. However, we also make videos on high frequency words / sight words. Additionally, we make videos on the most common idioms and phrases in English speaking, with their meanings and examples.<br /><br />Whether you are a student in elementary school, middle school, high school or college, our free educational videos are the best for kids of all ages and great to watch in the classroom. Our online learning system on YouTube makes our content easily accessible for kids, adults, students, and teachers alike. No need to download an app on your iPhone!<br /><br />If you have been in search of great ideas to memorize words for life, then look no further. Hands down... our videos are the BEST way to learn English vocabulary words at home and school. Our tutorials will ultimately help you improve your speaking, reading, writing, communication and listening skills, along with mastering your English conversation.<br /><br />In addition, we help you understand the basics of English grammar, and we also showcase words that use more than one part of speech; there are eight parts of speech in total: nouns, pronouns, verbs, adjectives, adverbs, conjunctions, prepositions, and interjections.<br /><br />So...test your vocabulary IQ, discover tips and tricks to increase your general knowledge and intelligence in the English language, and essentially know everything there is in the world by watching our videos. Our goal is cover the entire English dictionary, words starting with a to words starting with z.<br /><br />Practice speaking fluent English and learn words that make you sound smart by subscribing TODAY.{% endraw %}
