---
title: "Most Inspiring Animal Rescues Which will Melt Your Heart"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/fWAi8NrVcXU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "fWAi8NrVcXU"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["most inspiring animal rescues","dog rescue","heartwarming animal rescue"]
date: "2021-11-14T17:07:14+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-08-03T15:38:24Z"
duration: "PT11M32S"
viewcount: "988229"
likeCount: "12031"
dislikeCount: "429"
channel: "Ultimate Fact"
---
{% raw %}Ultimate Fact Presents Most Inspiring Animal Rescues Which will Melt Your Heart. Animals can be defensive fierce and wild, but sometimes they find themselves stuck in situations and or places that put their lives at risk if not stand still. It’s only through human help that these animals are able to overcome these challenges and carry on with their lives. No act of kindness is too small for an animal. Today let’s explore some of the top 20 most inspiring animal rescues of all times. <br />1. Puppies stuck in tar. <br />When three puppies unknowingly stuck in tar, they almost lost their lives. There was no way for them to come out without people's help. When rescuers came, they found the puppies in a terrible condition; they put them under shelter, washed them, and removed the tar with oil. It took them a long time to clean off the tar, and at some point, they took a rest to give the puppies food. After 3days, all the operations were finished. Luckily the mama to the puppies was found, and the family was happily reunited, what a fantastic dog rescue!<br />2. Little bird rescue <br />This is a heartwarming animal rescue story. When this man saw a neighbor’s cat taking a little bird in his mouth, he made his mind to help the little creature. He created a warm incubator for it and decided to feed it hourly to survive the misfortune, but it dint open its beak. He went to the nest where the chick fell from recorded the sound of the chicks mum and played; then, the chick started eating more and more food. It looked healthy and happy to be saved from the cat's teeth. <br />3. A kitten on the freeway<br />This animal rescue video will completely melt your heart. A kitten traveling in the middle of a freeway in Los Angeles was in great danger, it was tough for the cat to get out of there, and the drivers couldn't easily spot and save him. Luckily one female driver spotted the kitten and notified the animal rescue team. <br />4. The paralyzed Dog <br />While nerve damages are known to be irreparable, the team decided to try and see what they could do. To their surprise, the Dog was able to walk on its four legs again after a mix of physical therapy activities. It was an unbelievable animal rescue and a great inspiration to locals to help stray dogs and other accident victims.<br />5. Abandoned 40 cats<br />40 cats were abandoned in a hoarder’s house unattended for more than six months, and no one knew it. Some kind people later noticed them and decided to come to their rescue; they got them foster homes, and the cats learned what good life looks like. This is one of the most inspiring animal rescues caught on camera.<br />6. The pipe and the Dog<br />This awesome animal rescue story is absolutely inspiring.  Sometimes dogs get stuck in uncomfortable situations; that's not always their fault; however we should be able to help if we find them in need. Like kayan who showed up with her head stuck in a pvc pipe, the RESQ vet managed to get her out of it by cutting it. <br />7. The big horned sheep<br />This sheep can be so defensive, especially during the mating season, but what would you do if you found one in need? Honestly, wild animal rescues are dangerous, but when one man found a wild sheep with a horn stuck on a tree, he risked his life and decided to rescue the sheep by pulling its horns out of the tree. The large sheep ran away into the forest, and the man celebrated his victory.<br />8. The great penguin rescue<br />Surprisingly over twelve thousand volunteers turned out. With their great desire to help, these animal heroes cleaned out the oil from penguins for three months, sending them back to their real habitat. <br />9. Wild duck with plastic ring <br />They decided to use a cage trap to catch the duck. The trap was set, and next time the duck came straight to the cage, it was her lucky day, the terrible plastic necklace was removed, and it was seen happily taking a bath and eating comfortably. Don’t you think this’s an inspiring animal story?<br />10. Abandoned Dog with frozen paws<br />It was both a horrific and a happy day for a poor puppy named nakio when he was unexpectedly found in an abandoned house with frozen paws. Animal specialists tried and failed to restore his limbs. A vet specialist decided to raise money and make nakio prosthetic legs; she was assisted by the owner of the orthopedic clinic. This is perhaps the most unbelievable animal saving story, but one that made nakio became the first Dog in the world with bionic paws and can do all that other healthy dogs do.Which is the most inspiring animal rescue story? Have you ever helped any animal in need? Let us know in the comment section.<br />#UltimateFact #Facts #Animals{% endraw %}
