---
title: "Northwood Dental - Our Advanced Treatments for Optimum Dentistry"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/3HiwcCmA6W0\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "3HiwcCmA6W0"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Clearwater FL Dentist","Clearwater FL Gum Disease","Clearwater FL Gum Pain"]
date: "2021-11-16T20:47:37+03:00"
vid_date: "2013-05-24T15:28:24Z"
duration: "PT2M6S"
viewcount: "233"
likeCount: "2"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "Northwood Dental"
---
{% raw %}Northwood Dental Clearwater FL Dentists<br />(727)797-5161<br /><br />Dr. Jill Hagan comes from a family of dentists and she had an early start in dentistry during, high school at her father's practice. She received her dental degree from the University of Alabama in 1983. She was the staff dentist for the Alabama Institute for the Deaf and Blind from 1983 to 1987 and was in private practice for 13 years in the Birmingham area before moving to Florida. Her first practice was in Dunedin, but she quickly outgrew that office and moved to the present location in the Northwood Plaza Office Park in 2003.<br /><br />Dr. Wagner obtained his undergraduate degree from Purdue University and his dental degree from Indiana University. After Dental School he was accepted into an advanced training program at Sinai Hospital in Detroit, which further satisfied his thirst for knowledge of everything about dentistry. Dr. Wagner practiced in Fort Wayne, Indiana before moving to Clearwater and Northwood Dental. <br /><br />Dr. Saravana Karunagaran or Dr. K as he is affectionately known, served as an assistant professor of clinical dentistry at a multi-clinic facility in central Washington. In this role, Dr. K was responsible for treating a diverse group of patients in addition to teaching new dentists how to place dental implants. During this period, Dr. K also worked as an affiliate faculty member at the Oregon Health and Science University’s School of Dentistry and the University of Washington’s School of Dentistry.<br /><br />Following his graduation from dental school in Chennai, South India in 2001, Dr. Karunagaran continued his education at the State University at Buffalo where he earned a Master’s Degree in biomaterials. He completed two additional years of hospital based, advanced general dentistry training with a special focus on oral surgery at Louisiana State University in New Orleans. More recently, Dr. K completed two years of postgraduate training in implant dentistry at the University of Alabama at Birmingham.<br /><br />Dr. Karunagaran currently holds fellowship status in the Academy of General Dentistry (AGD), which requires a minimum of 500 approved continuing education hours. At present, he is working towards his Mastership.<br /><br />Dr. Gabrielle Goodman considers herself a lifelong learner and has dedicated herself to building her extensive list of Continuing Education courses. In addition to numerous hours spend working intimately with campus organizations during her time in dental school, she also worked as a clinical and preclinical tutor and teaching assistant.<br /><br />She graduated from the Florida College of Dentistry with a Doctorate in Dental Medicine. Upon joining the team at Northwood Dental, she quickly became a favorite among our patients and an invaluable asset. She believes in staying current with the most advanced techniques and prides herself on her comforting chairside manner.<br /><br />If you would like to learn more about Northwood Dental in Clearwater, FL, who are specialists in providing this advanced dental care call Northwood Dental @ 727-797-5161<br /><br />Visit us on the web at:  www.northwood-dental.com{% endraw %}
