---
title: "13 Fearless Animals That Are Most Protective Of Their Territory"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/cvZ6w8UaOJ8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "cvZ6w8UaOJ8"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["13 Fearless Animals That Are Most Protective Of Their Territory","fearless animals","animals"]
date: "2021-11-22T20:30:33+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-21T11:30:05Z"
duration: "PT21M13S"
viewcount: "35767"
likeCount: "414"
dislikeCount: "29"
channel: "The Fanatic"
---
{% raw %}All animals defend their territory, but some take their territory more seriously than others. Males will defend their territory against males of the same species. Other animals will not accept humans trespassing their territory. Whatever the reason, some animals can become very aggressive when they don’t like what they see around them. If you want to meet them, keep watching, as we count down 13 fearless animals that are most protective of their territory.<br /><br />► Subscribe For New Videos! ► shorturl.at/krBX9 <br /><br />Watch our “15 Moments When Animals Messed With The Wrong Opponent”<br />video here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/JPkaZj2Dzwg">https://youtu.be/JPkaZj2Dzwg</a><br />Watch our “14 Magnificent Hunting And Chasing Moments By Wild Animals”<br />video here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/1WXu_wyu0LE">https://youtu.be/1WXu_wyu0LE</a><br />Watch our “15 Merciless Animals That Eat Their Prey Alive”<br />video here:<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/QiQC3OMDedk">https://youtu.be/QiQC3OMDedk</a><br /><br />Sarcastic Fringehead<br /><br />Folks, meet the snarky fringe head. You may be wondering where this catchy title came from. While the term &quot;sarcastic&quot; is commonly used to describe a person's sense of humor, it is derived from the Greek word &quot;sarkasmós,&quot; which means &quot;to bite or tear.&quot; The sarcastic fringe head's needle-sharp teeth, which it uses to bite into its victim, are referenced in the first half of the name. The soft appendages that rise above the creature's head are referred to as its &quot;fringe head.&quot; When they are combined, they form one of the strangest names in the ocean. The sarcastic fringehead is distinguished by its brown or gray color with red or green patches. Their heads and jaws are enormous in comparison to their bodies, which are long and slender. They can grow to be up to a foot long, but the majority are only 3-8 inches long. To frighten its attacker, the sarcasticfringe head uses its large mouth to defend its territory. They have jaws that have been specially developed to fan out to the side, giving them a larger, more terrifying appearance. <br /><br />These two sarcastic fringe heads are fighting over territory. When city hall granted one of the fringe heads a permit to build his house there, he was supposed to keep a certain distance from his neighbor, but it doesn't appear that he did, so his neighbor is letting him have it. When two fringe heads fight over territory, they wrestle by pressing their distended mouths together as if kissing. This allows them to determine which fish is bigger, allowing them to establish dominance. Imagine fighting with your wife this way. It would solve a lot of problems quickly. This fringe head charges into his victim, but the victim opens his mouth wide, stopping the attacker. They have a disagreement, but I believe they will resolve their differences in the end.<br /><br />Lions<br /><br />These two male lions are fighting, and the entire reserve is on high alert, including the ranger in his green pick-up. Is it a matter of territory, or do they both want to date the same female? Three male lions discover a young rogue with their lioness in their territory and refuse to back down without a fight. The attackers are aware of the young lion's strength. His rage and strength deserve to be admired. He can cause serious harm. Today, a simple warning suffices to demonstrate their authority. This is their domain. The male has survived the ordeal. His wounds, however, could be fatal. There is no time to rest. He needs to keep going. If there is one animal that lions despise, it is the hyena. So, if a hyena enters lion territory and there are a few males, the hyena should turn around and return home. <br /><br />Unfortunately, this hyena does not, and this is what occurs. It is attacked and killed by the male lion. This lion is patrolling his territory ahead of these vehicles, making sure there are no intruders. He wants to ensure that he has complete control over his domain. He is the absolute ruler of his domain! The younger lions in the pride chase away a couple of older lions. I suppose when you reach a certain age, no matter what species you belong to, you have to leave. The older lions resist and do not listen to the warnings of the younger lions, resulting in a terrible fight. After the brutal fight, the message appears to have been received{% endraw %}
