---
title: "cyc648 *SOLD* €75,000 - A superb renovated townhouse with views! Almería, Andalucía"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/EEbp6RLS6NQ\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "EEbp6RLS6NQ"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["Casa y Campo the home finders","property sales in Almeria","Almeria Homes"]
date: "2021-11-02T18:18:10+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-03-24T17:40:44Z"
duration: "PT3M59S"
viewcount: "1049"
likeCount: "6"
dislikeCount: "2"
channel: "Casa y Campo the home finders"
---
{% raw %}A superb newly renovated home and within minutes walking distance of the village centre, which is conveniently located close to the entrance of the pretty village of Lubrín and just a short stroll from the popular tapas bar La Tasca.<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://casaycampo.co.uk/propertydetails.aspx?SalePropertyID=869291">http://casaycampo.co.uk/propertydetails.aspx?SalePropertyID=869291</a><br /><br />This 3 BED/2 Bathroom property has been recently re-modelled, benefitting from new aluminium windows with integrated blinds and mosquito nets. A new fitted kitchen with beautiful grey Silestone worktops, induction hob and new flooring on the ground floor level. New internal doors throughout. The plumbing has been replaced on the ground floor and the property has been re-wired with new electrics and an updated consumer board.<br /><br />On the ground floor level you enter the property from the pavement via the heavy traditional door which has a glass side panel and decorative grill into the bright kitchen and dining area. The kitchen is well planned and modern in style with soft closed units and plenty of storage. A large utility room is separate and works perfectly as a laundry, the new Zanussi washing machine stays with the house. The electrical hot water boiler is in this area to supply the house with instant hot water. A large shower room is next to it and a handy cupboard for essential storage. <br /><br />Take the stairs to the first floor the first room is a family bathroom with bath. A large double bedroom with views to the orange groves below with two windows, a lovely bright space. Next is a smaller bedroom with views. The corridor leads towards the sitting room via a door, the sitting room is spacious and again has those beautiful views of the orange groves, a door leads you out to the sunny private terrace. A further double bedroom with remote controlled fan over-looks the terrace area. <br /><br />The South facing terrace space has room for sun loungers, a dining table and lots of potted plants, the views are towards the beautiful valley of La Alcarria and offer sun from early morning. A superb space for relaxation.<br /><br />Do not miss this opportunity to buy this superb property which works perfectly as a holiday lock up and leave or a home for full-time living!<br /><br />A fantastic buy!<br /><br />Lubrín is a pretty white market town/pueblo tucked away in the Sierra Los Filabres mountain range, just a 40 minute drive to the pristine beaches of Mojacar!<br /><br />A very Spanish pueblo with all that you will need from a typical community and vibrant village. All the essential shops are here; 2 x butchers, 3 x bakers, 2 x banks (ATM) pharmacy and general stores a gymnasium and theatre. <br /><br />Excellent local producers are based here, Wednesday is the “bustling” market day, when you have the opportunity to enjoy churros and buy your weekly shopping and local fresh produce. Lubrin has some wonderful tapas bars here in the village plus some destination restaurants a short drive away!<br /><br />In the summer months June - August the public village pool is the place to enjoy the sunny days alongside the pine trees and grassed areas. <br /><br />Further afield you can stock up for your groceries from the larger supermarkets of Mojacar or Vera, but pretty much all is available here on our doorstep.<br /><br />Mojacar/Garrucha and Vera beaches are a 40 minute drive. <br /><br />Almeria airport is just under an hour, Murcia 1  1/2hrs, Alicante 2 hours.{% endraw %}
