---
title: "963Hz 》YOU ARE THE UNIVERSE 》Manifest Anything You Desire"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/WI3F9RKSAQY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "WI3F9RKSAQY"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["963hz","you are the universe","manifest anything"]
date: "2021-11-06T02:00:29+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-03-21T23:10:11Z"
duration: "PT6H6M6S"
viewcount: "4995360"
likeCount: "83001"
dislikeCount: "2277"
channel: "Meditative Mind"
---
{% raw %}》963Hz<br />》YOU ARE THE UNIVERSE<br />》Awaken Kundalini - Your Soul's Energy<br />》Pineal Gland Activator<br /><br /><br />How to Manifest Anything You Desire? Law of Attraction.<br /><br />Universe is you and you are the universe. You are part of this beautiful creation and that Noor - that ray of light is part of all of us. We all are capable to creating and manifesting whatever we want. We are all made up of stars, that starry material, that magic star dust, yes, we are made up of that.... literally. not just you, each one of us, each grain of sand. you are connected to it and it is connected to you. 'Tohi Mohi, Mohi Tohi Antar Kaisa' - this verse from gurbani, says it all. &quot;You are in Me and I Am in You.. that whats the difference between you and me&quot; <br /><br />You are God and God is in You - There is no difference, and when we meditate on this, when we start to feel that connection with universe, with everyone and every thing around us, then something magically changes inside of us. When we realize that we could have been a flower or a grain of sand, instead of a human being, something changes. Its all connected. <br /><br />And once we grasp that part, we can understand how to manifest what we desire. <br /><br />But we need to learn to distinguish between <br /><br />- those little chemical reactions inside of us - which are induced because of  something we saw on TV or someone else has it - enticing us to go after that something, <br /><br />or its a desire - inner desire of the soul, its restless because you are not working towards achieving your higher self. <br /><br />Something that can help - is to look for that restless-ness, that uneasiness when everything in your life is comfortable. Thats your soul speaking. It does not understand man-made concepts of money, and cars, and mutual funds. Its an energy,. our soul is an energy.. it wants to be free .. our soul wants to experience life... and anything that makes it feel alive .. is what the universe has planned to manifest through you. More you delay it, more restless you will feel. So ask yourself what makes you feel alive?? and just do it everyday.. feel your soul sing.. And thats what you are attracted to and that thing is attracted to you too.. There is no expectation of end result then, you soul is already free... its not longing for the end result... <br /><br />Hope this has helped. Hopefully this 963Hz Solfeggio Frequency based music will help you and meditating along with it will bring you closer to your inner universe. <br /><br />Many Blessings and Peace all the Way. <br />Smile ~ Laugh ~ Chant ~ Sing ~ Become one with the universe!!<br /><br />Music &amp; Graphics Copyright ⓒ 2019 Meditative Mind™. All Rights Reserved.<br /><br />F1003<br /><br />#MeditativeMind  #Solfeggio #963Hz{% endraw %}
