---
title: "NVC Interview Dates, Backlogs and Processing Time 2021 (Sep. 07) | NVC  Case Creation, Review Time"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/XFA5EO6xQzs\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "XFA5EO6xQzs"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Nvc","nvc interview schedule 2021","nvc processing time 2021"]
date: "2021-09-09T05:55:07+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-09-08T17:23:32Z"
duration: "PT9M"
viewcount: "909"
likeCount: "49"
dislikeCount: "1"
channel: "USCIS PROCESSING UPDATES"
---
{% raw %}NVC Interview Dates, Backlogs and Processing Time 2021 (Sep. 07) | NVC  Case Creation, Review Time<br />#nvcprocessingtime2021, #nvcreviewtime2021 #nvccreation2021<br /><br />Hello, Welcome to USCIS Processing Updates.<br />As part of our ongoing efforts to provide the latest information on your US Immigration Journey, This is our new weekly video from the NVC Processing Timelines series.  After your petition is approved, the National Visa Center (NVC) assists you in preparing your visa application for interview for certain visa categories at U.S. Embassies &amp; Consulates. In this video, we will try to explain, How your immigrant petition is processed at NVC ? and what is the processing timelines as of September 07, 2021 at National Visa Center? If you are interested in any of these topics please stick around till the end of this video for your immigration updates. If you are liking this video, Please hit the Subscribe button, Like this video and Click the bell icon so that you can instantly receive any new updates right on your YouTube home page. Now, Let's get into the video and find out the National Visa Center (NVC) processing timelines as of this week. Before you watch further, Let me reiterate that this is a weekly video, so please be sure to watch the latest week's video.  You can find the latest video from the link given on top right side of your screen or in the description below. You might already be knowing that your immigrant visa petition (I-130 or I-140) must be approved by USCIS before your case can proceed to the National Visa Center. After USCIS approves your Immigrant Visa petition, they will transfer your case to the Department of State's National Visa Center (NVC) for pre-processing. Now, You must be   wondering what happens next ?  So, Once NVC receives your immigrant petition and if your Priority Date meets the most recent Cut-off Date, or is likely to become current soon, the NVC will  send you a welcome letter to  #1. Invoice you for your visa application fees. #2. Collect your visa application and supporting documentation. #3. Hold your visa petition until an interview can be scheduled with a consular officer at a U.S. Embassy or Consulate. But If your Priority Date DOES NOT meet the most recent Cut-off Date, the NVC will notify you and hold your petition until your Priority Date meets the most recent Cut-off Date or is likely to become current soon.  As your Priority Date gets closer to the Cut-off Date, NVC will contact you to start processing. The Department of State updates the Cut-off Dates (Final Action Dates or Dates of Filing) on a monthly basis in the Visa Bulletin. So NVC's first step in this processing is the creation of your case in their system. Once the case is created, as mentioned above based on the priority cut off dates, The NVC will send you a Welcome Letter by e-mail or physical mail. With the information in the welcome letter, you can log in to Consular Electronic Application Center (CEAC) to check the status, receive messages, and manage your case. <br /><br />00:00 Introduction<br />01:15 Understanding NVC Processing Steps as of September 2021<br />03:14 NVC Case Creation Timeline as of September 2021<br />03:48 NVC Case Review Timeline as of September 2021<br /><br />Nvc, nvc interview schedule 2021, nvc processing time 2021, nvc processing time after i-130 approval 2020, nvc processing time after i-130 approval 2021, nvc processing time 2020, national visa center, national visa center case status check, national visa center processing, national visa center update, national visa center 2021, national visa center upload documents, national visa center processing time, national visa center interview, national visa center processing 2021, national visa center news, nvc interview schedule 2021, nvc interview letter, nvc interview schedule 2021 mumbai, nvc interview 2021, nvc case status online processing, nvc case creation letter, nvc case review time 2021, nvc case review, nvc current case review status, <br /><br />--------------------------<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZiKaKTkE74YNvxUrl6z9HQ?sub_confirmation=1">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZiKaKTkE74YNvxUrl6z9HQ?sub_confirmation=1</a>{% endraw %}
