---
title: "A Very Potter Musical Act 1 Part 2"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/hUUZbgOPFLY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "hUUZbgOPFLY"
categories: "Comedy"
tags: ["Harry Potter","musical","funny"]
date: "2021-09-23T04:03:58+03:00"
vid_date: "2009-07-05T11:34:32Z"
duration: "PT6M35S"
viewcount: "11147232"
likeCount: "77355"
dislikeCount: "798"
channel: "Team StarKid"
---
{% raw %}The musical adventure continues in Part 2 when Harry and his pals meet little sisters (Ginny), super-mega-foxy-awesome-hot girls (Cho Chang), and big-baby-jerks (Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle) on their way back to Hogwarts! <br /><br /><br /><br />&quot;A Very Potter Musical&quot; is an unofficial, fan-made, parody show.<br /><br /><br /><br />&quot;Goin' Back To Hogwarts&quot; Lyrics (by Darren Criss):<br /><br /><br /><br />CHOs POSSY: <br /><br />Cho Chang<br /><br />Domo arigato, Cho Chang<br /><br />Gung Hey Fat Choy, Chang<br /><br />Happy Happy New Year, Cho Chang<br /><br /><br /><br />Dialogue <br /><br /><br /><br />CEDRIC:<br /><br />Oh, Cho Chang<br /><br />I am so in love with Cho Chang<br /><br />From Bangkok to Ding Dang<br /><br />I sing my love aloud for Cho Chang<br /><br /><br /><br />Dialogue <br /><br /><br /><br />MALFOY:<br /><br />this year you bet Im gonna  get outta here<br /><br />the reign of Malfoy is drawing near<br /><br />Ill have the greatest wizard career, <br /><br />and its gonna be totally awesome<br /><br /><br /><br />Look out world, for the dawn of the day<br /><br />When everyone will do whatever I say<br /><br />And that Potter wont be in my way, and then<br /><br />Ill be the one who is totally awesome!<br /><br /><br /><br />GOYLE: <br /><br />Yeah youll be the one who is totally awesome. <br /><br /><br /><br />HERMIONE: Come on guys! Were gonna miss the train!<br /><br /><br /><br />ALL:<br /><br />Who knows how fast this years gonna go?<br /><br />Hand me a glass, let the butterbeer flow<br /><br /><br /><br />HARRY:<br /><br />Maybe at last, Im gonna talk to Cho,<br /><br /><br /><br />RON:<br /><br />Oh no, that be WAY too awesome<br /><br /><br /><br />ALL:<br /><br />Were back to learn everything that we can<br /><br />Its great to come back to where we began<br /><br />And here we are, and alakazam! here we go, this is totally awesome!<br /><br /><br /><br />Come on and teach us everything you know<br /><br />The summers over and were itchin to go<br /><br />I think were ready for<br /><br /><br /><br />NEVILLE:<br /><br />Albus Dumbledore! Oooooo<br /><br />Ahhhhhh.<br /><br /><br /><br />DUMBLEDORE:<br /><br />Welcome, all of you to Hogwarts<br /><br />I Welcome back you all to school<br /><br />Did you know that here at Hogwarts<br /><br />Weve got a hidden swimming pool?<br /><br /><br /><br />Welcome, welcome, welcome Hogwarts<br /><br />Welcome, all you hotties, nerds, and tools<br /><br />Now that I've got you here at Hogwarts<br /><br />Id like to go over just a couple of rules:<br /><br /><br /><br />Dialogue<br /><br /><br /><br />ALL:<br /><br />back to wizards and witches, and magical beasts<br /><br />to goblins and ghosts and to magical feasts<br /><br />it's all that I love, and all that i need.<br /><br />at HOGWARTS, HOGWARTS, <br /><br /><br /><br />Back to spells and enchantments, potions and friends<br /><br />To Gryffindors! <br /><br />Hufflepuffs!<br /><br /> Ravenclaws!<br /><br />Slytherins!<br /><br />Back to the place where our story begins<br /><br />Its Hogwarts, Howarts, <br /><br /><br /><br />DUMBLEDORE:<br /><br />Im sorry, whats its name?<br /><br /><br /><br />ALL:<br /><br />Hogwarts, Hogwarts<br /><br /><br /><br />DUMBLEDORE:<br /><br />I didnt hear you kids!<br /><br /><br /><br />ALL:<br /><br />Hogwarts, Hogwarts<br /><br /><br /><br />HARRY:<br /><br />Man, Im glad Im back.{% endraw %}
