---
title: "I Like To Move It (Original Video)  Madagascar HD"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/hdcTmpvDO0I\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "hdcTmpvDO0I"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["I like to move it move it","Madagascar HD","DREAMWORKS"]
date: "2021-09-25T06:49:59+03:00"
vid_date: "2012-07-09T05:10:36Z"
duration: "PT2M50S"
viewcount: "101892293"
likeCount: "438514"
dislikeCount: "46772"
channel: "Boys & Toys Reviews"
---
{% raw %}I like to move it move it, Madagascar HD All rights reserved to Dreamworks. Video uploaded for kids to sing along. <br /><br />This video is original / Official packed with Madagascar original DVD. This is bonus video contents &quot;I Like To Move It&quot; song.<br /><br />Sacha Baron Cohen<br /><br />(Chorus)<br /><br />I Like To Move It Move It<br />I Like To Move It Move It<br />I Like To Move It Move It<br />Ya Like To (MOVE IT!)<br /><br />All Girls All Over The World<br />Original King Julian Pon Ya Case Man!<br />I Love How All The Girls A Move Their Body<br />And When Ya Move Ya Body<br />Uno Move It<br />Nice And Sweet And Sexy Alright!<br />Woman Ya Cute And You Don't Need No Make-Up<br />Original Cute Body You A Mek Man Mud Up<br />Woman Ya Cute And You Don't Need No Make-Up<br />Original Cute Body You A Mek Man Mud Up<br />Woman! Physically Fit<br />Physically Fit<br />Physically<br />Physically<br />Physically<br />Woman! Physically Fit<br />Physically Fit<br />Physically<br />Physically<br />Physically<br />Physically<br /><br />Woman! Ya nice<br />Sweet Fantastic<br />Big Ship Pon De Ocean That A Big Titanic<br />Woman! Ya Nice Sweet Energetic<br />Big Ship Pon De Ocean That A Big Titanic<br />Woman! Ya nice<br />Sweet Fantastic<br />Big Ship Pon De Ocean That A Big Titanic<br />Woman! Ya nice<br />Sweet Fantastic<br />Big Ship Pon De Ocean That A Big Titanic<br />WOMAN!<br /><br />(Chorus)<br /><br />Woman Ya Cute And You Don't Need No Make-Up<br />Original Cute Body You A Mek Man Mud Up<br />Woman Ya Cute And You Don't Need No Make-Up<br />Original Cute Body You A Mek Man Mud Up<br />Eyeliner -- Pon Ya Face<br />A Mek Man Mud Up<br />Nose Powder -- Pon Ya Face<br />A Mek Man Mud Up<br />Pluck Ya Eyebrow<br />Pon Ya<br />Pon Ya Face A Mek Man Mud Up<br /><br />Gal Ya Lipstick<br />Pon Ya Face A Mek Man Mud Up<br />Woman Ya Nice Broad Face<br />And Ya Nice Hip Make Man<br />Flip And Bust Them Lip<br />Woman Ya Nice And Energetic<br />Big Ship Pon De Ocean That A Big Titanic<br />Woman! Ya Nice<br />Broad Face<br />And Ya Nice Hip<br />Make Man Flip And Bust Them Lip<br />Big Ship Pon De Ocean That A Big Titanic -- WOAH!<br /><br />BOP!<br />WOAH!<br />BOP!<br />WOAH!<br />BOP!<br />WOAH!<br />BOP!<br /><br />(King Julians Bit On The End:)<br /><br />I LIKE TO MOVE IT MOVE IT<br />HE LIKE TO MOVE IT MOVE IT<br />SHE LIKE TO MOVE IT MOVE IT<br />YOU LIKE TO, MOVE IT!<br /><br />WE LIKE TO MOVE IT MOVE IT<br />YOU LIKE TO MOVE IT MOVE IT<br />I LIKE .. OH I DID I HAVE I DONE I? DID I DO I LIKE?<br />I THINK I DID I LIKE.. WE? WHAT ABOUT WE? THEY? THEY? I DID THEY.<br /><br />OH I GOT IT, I GOT IT I GOT A NEW ONE I GOT A NEW ONE.. THEM?<br />NO NOT THEM.. DID I SAY THEM OR NOT?<br /><br />THEM LIKE TO MOVE IT MOV... I'M GONNA SAY THEM<br /><br />THEM LIKE TO MOVE IT MOVE IT<br />WE LIKE TO MOVE IT MOVE IT<br />UMM WAIT THERES GOTTA BE ANOTHER ONE WE... WE... NOPE.. OH US!<br />CAN WE DO US LIKE TO?<br /><br />US LIKE TO MOVE IT MOVE IT THATS THE ONE<br />US LIKE TO MOVE IT MOVE IT<br />US LIKE TO MOVE IT MOVE IT<br />US LIKE TO.. MOVE IT!<br /><br />MOVE IT! MOVE ITTT.. MOVE IT! MOVE IT! MOVE IT MOVE IT<br /><br />OKAY THEN, WANNA HEAR,<br />I JUST WANNA TELL YOU A LITTLE STORY THIS LITTLE STORY<br />THAT MY DADDY USED TO TELL ME HE WAS A KING AS<br />WELL I WAS BORN, PROBABLY ABOUT 68 YEARS AGO OVER BY<br />THAT TREE OVER THERE YEH<br />AND I REMEMBER THINGS CHANGED A LOT IN THOSE<br />DAYS, IN MADAGASCAR IT WASNT SO COMMERCIAL, YOU KNOW,<br />THERE WASNT ALL THE FUSS BOUT WHO'S GOT THE LATEST TREE<br />AND WHAT LEAVES<br />ARE YOU WEARING AND WHO'S GOT<br />THE LATEST FUR ON THEIR BACK YOU KNOW,<br />THOSE DAYS IT WAS JUST ME AND A COUPLE OF THE OTHERS YOU<br />KNOW, DOING THE JUNGLE BOOGIE YOU KNOW,<br />JUNGLE BOOGIE... JUNGLE BOOGIE<br />WOAH WOAH WOAH WOAH WOAH WOAH WOAH<br /><br />I LIKE TO MOVE IT!<br /><br />YOU REALLY THINK THIS IS NEVER GONNA END COZ IT IS 3,2,1<br /><br />NOT BAD EH? I LIKE IT{% endraw %}
