---
title: "Vivaldi Four Seasons: Winter (L'Inverno), original version. Freivogel & Voices of Music  RV 297 4K"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/ZPdk5GaIDjo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "ZPdk5GaIDjo"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Antonio Vivaldi","The Four Seasons","RV 297"]
date: "2021-11-02T04:35:42+03:00"
vid_date: "2016-04-10T02:03:50Z"
duration: "PT9M27S"
viewcount: "26914798"
likeCount: "341320"
dislikeCount: "5314"
channel: "Voices of Music"
---
{% raw %}Vivaldi Winter! The complete concerto performed on original instruments. Please subscribe to our channel <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/VoicesofMusic/?sub_confirmation=1">https://www.youtube.com/VoicesofMusic/?sub_confirmation=1</a><br />Soundtrack on iTunes <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/VoMWinter">https://bit.ly/VoMWinter</a><br />Playlist for all four seasons: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL5r9vx6vJSwZndy2ZgD1vqb86g4YTssyG">https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL5r9vx6vJSwZndy2ZgD1vqb86g4YTssyG</a><br />Vivaldi's Concerto for violin and strings in F Minor, &quot;Winter&quot; (L'Inverno, RV 297), the original version is best! Cynthia Miller Freivogel, baroque violin and the award winning Early Music ensemble Voices of Music.<br />Q.  What are period instruments or original instruments; how are they different from modern instruments?<br />A. As instruments became modernized in the 19th century, builders and players tended to focus on the volume of sound and the stability of tuning. Modern steel strings replaced the older materials, and instruments were often machine made. Historical instruments, built individually by hand and with overall lighter construction, have extremely complex overtones—which we find delightful. Modern instruments are of course perfectly suited to more modern music.<br />Voices of Music is creating a worldwide digital library of music videos, recordings and editions, free for anyone in the world. To support this vital project, which will enable new generations of people all around the world to enjoy Classical music, please consider a tax-deductible donation or sponsor a recording project. With your help, anything is possible!<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://voicesofmusic.org/donate.html">https://voicesofmusic.org/donate.html</a><br /><br />Voices of Music continues our groundbreaking work as a pioneer in the new field of Ultra-High definition video. Although the Four Seasons is the most recorded work in Classical music, this is the first time that the work is made freely available in this format, and performed on period instruments. Your donations will keep the presses running!<br />Voices of Music and the instruments in this video<br />Hanneke van Proosdij &amp; David Tayler, directors<br />Maria Caswell, baroque viola, anonymous, Mittenwald, c1800<br />Cynthia Miller Freivogel, baroque violin by Johann Paul Schorn, Salzburg, Austria, 1715<br />Lisa Grodin, baroque violin by Paulo Antonio Testore, Larga di Milano, Italy, 1736<br />Katherine Heater, baroque organ by Winold van der Putten, Finsterwolde, Netherlands, 2004, after early 18th-century northern German instruments<br />Carla Moore, baroque violin by Johann Georg Thir, Vienna, Austria, 1754<br />Maxine Nemerovski, baroque violin by Joseph Gaffino, Paris, 1769<br />Farley Pearce, violone by George Stoppani, Manchester, 1985, after Amati, 1560<br />Hanneke van Proosdij,  Italian single manual harpsichord by Johannes Klinkhamer, Amsterdam, 2000, after Cristofori, Florence, c1725<br />Elisabeth Reed, baroque cello, anonymous, 1673<br />David Tayler, archlute by Andreas von Holst, Munich, 2012<br /> after Magno Tieffenbrucker, Venice, c1610<br />Tanya Tomkins, baroque cello, Lockey Hill, London, England, 1798<br />Gabrielle Wunsch, baroque violin by Lorenzo Carcassi, Florence, Italy, 1765<br />0:00 Allegro non molto 3:31 Largo 5:28 Allegro<br />#Vivaldi #FourSeasons #VivaldiWinter #Frozen{% endraw %}
