---
title: "Prez. Akufo Addo Finally Signs To Elevate Hardworking Dr. George Akuffo Dampare As Ghana’s 23rd IGP."
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/NLBeJgOXuFw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "NLBeJgOXuFw"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Prez.","Akufo","Finally"]
date: "2021-10-09T23:37:03+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-10-09T19:38:48Z"
duration: "PT30M27S"
viewcount: "114"
likeCount: "3"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "Rajab Media Gh"
---
{% raw %}President Nana Akufo-Addo has sworn Dr George Akuffo Dampare into office as the substantive Inspector General of Police (IGP).<br /><br />Dr Dampare, who was appointed as acting IGP two months ago, becomes Ghana’s 23rd Police boss after the retirement of his predecessor, James Oppong-Boanuh.<br /><br />The 51-year-old is the youngest IGP to hold the position in the Fourth Republic and the eighth youngest since the country gained independence.<br /><br />At the swearing-in at the Jubilee House on Friday, the President pledged his government’s support to ensure that the Police Service stays relevant and up to the task.<br /><br />The President also charged the new Police administration to act professionally and not succumb to the dictates of the ruling government.<br /><br /><br />In his acceptance speech, the newly-sworn in Inspector-General of Police, Dr George Akuffo Dampare, assured the president that his outfit will do all it take to make the police service a world-class institution.<br /><br />“Our Vision has been to become a world-class police institution. Mr President, we are poised, we are focused on attaining that.”<br /><br />“We know it is not going to be easy but my colleagues and I have made our minds that even if we are unable to take it to that destination, we, at this time, will position the organisation towards that destination such that there’ll be no turning back,” he said.<br /><br /><br />Profile of COP Dr George Akuffo Dampare<br /><br /><br />COP Dr George Akuffo Dampare has been in the Ghana Police Service for close to 30 years.<br /><br />He joined the Service as a Constable and has risen to the highest rank of Commissioner of Police, becoming one of the youngest Police Officers to have attained this status in recent years.<br /><br />He has served in many leadership capacities in the Service, including; Director General (Finance), Director General (Welfare), Director General (ICT), Commandant of the Police Command and Staff College, and Accra Region Police Commander.<br /><br />COP Dr Akuffo Dampare became a Chartered Accountant at the age of 25 while serving as a Police Constable and holds a PhD in Finance.<br /><br /><br />He has been an Adjunct Lecturer at the Ghana Institute of Management and Public Administration (GIMPA) and University of Cape Coast.<br /><br />Amongst his credentials; George Akuffo Dampare (PhD) was a Special Assistant to the Regional Commander, United Nations Mission in Bosnia Herzegovina, Municipal Police Commander, Cape Coast, ADC to the Vice President of Ghana, Accountant/Finance Officer, Ghana Police Service and the Head of Police and Narcotics Desk at the Ministry of Interior.<br /><br />He has been credited for his lead role in the swift arrest of the alleged killer of former Abuakwa North MP, J.B. Danquah.<br /><br /><br /><br />#AkufoDampare<br />#SUBSCRIBE<br />#RajabMediaGh{% endraw %}
