---
title: "Heaters Philippines Heaters Thermocouple And More"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/N2gY_t-SUqE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "N2gY_t-SUqE"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Heaters","Philippines Heaters","Heater"]
date: "2021-10-09T15:23:29+03:00"
vid_date: "2014-05-28T07:28:12Z"
duration: "PT4M17S"
viewcount: "684"
likeCount: "0"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "HeatSensor Engineering And Trading"
---
{% raw %}Heaters in Th Philippines are best distributed by HeatSensor Engineering and Trading in South Luzon and in Manila, Philippines. Some of the best types of heaters and heating elements distributed are listed below for your quick reference.<br /><br />TUBULAR HEATERS<br /><br />Tubular Heaters can be designed depending on the specific requirement of the consumer. They may be used as an element for other types of heater such as Immersion Heater, Screw Plug Heater, and Duct Heater.<br /><br />Short Description<br />Sheath material would depend on the application.<br />Formed to specific configuration.<br />Easy to install<br />Durable <br /><br />APPLICATION<br />Water Heating<br />For corrosive and non-corrosive fluids<br />Food Industry applications<br />Cleaning and degreasing solutions<br />Salt bath, alkaline cleaning solutions, tars and asphalt.<br /><br /><br />FINNED TUBULAR HEATER<br /><br />Short Description<br />Stainless Steel Sheath Material<br />Stainless Steel Fin Material<br />Customized to client's specific needs<br />Increase heat transfer surface area<br />APPLICATION<br />Forced Circulation<br />Air Ducts<br />Recirculating Ovens<br />Fan Forced Electric Heaters<br /><br /><br />FLAT  HEATERS<br /><br />Flat Heaters are versatile heating elements used for surface heating and can be customized depending on the client's needs. This type of heaters can also be made with fins.<br /><br />Short Description<br />Mica Insulation<br />Designed with holes and mounting tabs<br />Custom-designed<br />Uniform heat distribution<br />Easy to install<br />Durable<br /><br />APPLICATION<br />Surface Heating<br />Air Heating and Air Duct<br />Food Warming<br />Packaging and Sealing<br />Vacuum Dehydration<br />Baking Ovens<br /><br /><br />STRIP HEATERS<br /><br /><br />FLANGED  HEATERS<br /><br />Flanged Heaters are constructed using tubular heaters as elements. This heater is designed for high wattage applications and can be constructed in bulk sizes depending on a given specifications.<br /><br />Short Description<br />Custom-Designed with the Following specifications: <br />Number of elements<br />Required Dimension for flange and number of element<br /><br />APPLICATION<br />Clean Water, Boilers<br />Process Water<br />Corrosive and Non-corrosive liquids/solutions<br />Air, Gases, and Steam Heating<br /><br /><br />IMMERSION HEATERS<br /><br /><br />SILICON HEATERS<br /><br />Durable and precise, silicone rubber heater are available in a virtually unlimited range of configurations and geometry's. Silicon rubber heaters provide highly efficient heat transfer over a wide temperature range. <br />Lightweight and flexible, the heater provide superior surface conformance that extends heater life by minimizing the gradient between resistive and heat sink. Also, sensors can be laminated inside a heater, adhered to the heater surface, or installed at specific locations within the system to prevent over temperature.<br /><br />Short Description<br />Custom-Designed with the Following specifications: <br />Using Temperature range -40.00 -- 250.00  deg. C.<br />Dimension 25mm x 25mm to 1000mm x 5000mm<br />Voltage<br />Wattage<br />Thickness<br />Shape -- Any shape can be customized<br /><br />APPLICATION<br />Drum Surface Heating<br />Process Water<br />Piping Heating<br />Any surface heating process<br /><br /><br />HEATING MEMBRANE<br /><br /><br />BOBBIN HEATERS<br /><br />Short Description<br />Product specifications : <br />Ceramic Insulated<br />Stainless Steel Casing &amp; Flange<br /><br /><br />HOT PLATE<br /><br />Short Description<br />Available in : <br />8&quot; (2000 W x 220 V)<br />6&quot; (1500 W x 220 V)<br /><br /><br />THERMOCOUPLE WIRES<br /><br />Short Description<br />Specifications :  <br />Thermocouple Wire   <br />Low and high temperature<br /><br /><br />KANTHAL WIRES<br /><br />Short Description<br />Specifications :  <br />Kanthal Wire<br />Nichrome Wire  <br />Low and high temperature<br />Gauge Available :<br />16 LT to 39 D<br /><br /><br />NICHROME WIRES<br /><br /><br />THERMOCOUPLE SENSORS<br /><br />Description<br /><br />Short Description<br />Available in :<br />Screw type<br />Pin type<br />Coupling type<br />RTD<br />Type K ranging from 0° to 800 ° Celsius <br />Stainless braided wire<br />Available in different wire lengths<br /><br />For fast assistance in getting heaters customized or buying heaters in The Philippines, please contact the following:<br /><br />Cavite line and Fax - 046 413 2659<br />Manila Line - 02 463 4681<br />0942 288 2552<br />0922 537 8449<br />jessabel.torres@heatersphilippines.com<br />heatsensor.sales@heatersphilippines.com<br /><br />Heaters, Thermocouple Sensors and Thermocouple Wires are tops when you buy heaters from HeatSensor Engineering and Trading.{% endraw %}
