---
title: "Rent (2005) OST Take Me or Leave Me"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/iFOvOQ8xLv4\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "iFOvOQ8xLv4"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["Idina Menzel","Tracie Thoms","Soundtrack Rent (musical)"]
date: "2021-10-15T09:25:00+03:00"
vid_date: "2011-12-28T15:23:54Z"
duration: "PT4M9S"
viewcount: "6707010"
likeCount: "49770"
dislikeCount: "987"
channel: "ang021"
---
{% raw %}<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCD5NWrDdrjdea4AzvfISOfQ">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCD5NWrDdrjdea4AzvfISOfQ</a><br /><br />They belt it all out. They make Glee's version look like a HUGE rip-off!! LOL. <br />Presenting, Idina Menzel as Maureen and Tracie Thoms as Joanne in 2005 wide screen version of RENT! :) Enjoy!!<br /><br />Lyrics:<br />Maureen: You know what miss Ivy League?<br />I can't take much more of this! This obsessive compulsive control freak paranoia!<br />Joanne: What?!<br />Maureen: I didn't pierced my nipples because it gross you out.<br />Joanne: Wha...<br />Maureen: I didn't stayed at the King Club last night because YOU wanted to go home...<br />Joanne: You were flirting with the woman in rubber.<br />Maureen: There will always be women in rubber flirting with me! [Pause] Give me a BREAK!<br /><br />Maureen (Sang):<br />every single day,<br />i walk down the street<br />i hear people say 'baby so sweet'<br />ever since puberty<br />everybody stares at me<br />boys girls i can't help it baby<br />so be kind and don't lose your mind<br />just remember that i'm your baby<br /><br />take me for what i am<br />who i was meant to be<br />and if you give a damn<br />take me baby<br />or leave me<br /><br />take me baby or leave me<br /><br />Maureen:<br />a tiger in a cage<br />can never see the sun<br />this diva needs her stage<br />baby lets have fun<br />you are the one i choose<br />folks would kill to fill your shoes<br />you love the lime light to now baby<br />so be mine and don't waste my time<br />cryin' 'oh honey bear are you still my, my, my baby?'<br /><br />take me for what i am<br />who i was meant to be<br />and if you give a damn<br />take me baby or leave me<br /><br />no way, can i be what i'm not<br />but hey, don't you want your girl hot?<br />don't fight, don't loose your head<br />'cause every night who's in your bed?<br />who?<br />who's in your bed?<br /><br />spoken:kiss pookie<br /><br />Joanne: <br />it won't work<br />i look before i leap<br />i love margins and discipline<br />i make lists in my sleep baby<br />whats my sin?<br />never quit<br />i follow through<br />i hate mess but i love you<br />what do with my improptu baby?<br />so be wise 'cause this girl satisfies<br />you got a prize but don't compomise<br />you're one lucky baby<br /><br />Joanne: take me for what i am<br />Maureen: a control freak<br />Joanne: who i was meant to be<br />Maureen: a snob yet over attentive<br />Joanne: and if you give a damn<br />Maureen: a loveable droll geek<br />Joanne: take me baby or leave me<br />Maureen: a anal retentave<br /><br />both: thats it<br />Joanne: the straw that breaks my back<br />both: i quit<br />Joanne: unless you take it back<br />both: women<br />Maureen: what is it about them?<br />both: can't live with them or without them<br /><br />chorus: <br />both: take me for what i am<br />Joanne: who i was meant to be<br />Maureen: who i was meant to be<br />and if you give a damn<br />Joanne: and if you give a damn then<br />take me baby, or leave me<br />Maureen:take me baby, take me or la-la-la-la-la-leave me<br />both: take me baby or leave me<br />spoken: guess i'm leaving i'm gone!<br /><br /><br /> This is my current favorite music from a Movie Musical.{% endraw %}
