---
title: "Reduced by £39,995 Brand New Pemberton Rivendale Lodge 2 bedroom 40 x 20 Foot With Decking & Hot Tub"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/2tCaFcf9I30\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "2tCaFcf9I30"
categories: "Travel-Events"
tags: ["Reduced","£39,995","Brand"]
date: "2021-11-02T22:55:15+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-04-06T14:59:56Z"
duration: "PT11M28S"
viewcount: "417782"
likeCount: "1743"
dislikeCount: "158"
channel: "My Leisure Home"
---
{% raw %}My Leisure home are proud to announce the sale of this beautiful brand new  luxurious 2-bedroom pemberton Rivendale 40 foot long by 20 foot wide, this really is a home from home. It is sited at a divine location in the beautiful rural of Lincolnshire close to skegness, the park is haven for fishing and relaxing or even to just have a stroll around.<br /><br />KEY FEATURES:<br />• 2 Bedrooms<br />• Modern Lounge,<br />• Reading Nook / Snug With Sofa Bed – Ideal For Peace And Quiet Or For Extra Sleeping Arrangements<br />• Fully Equipped Kitchen With Island  <br />• Integrated Microwave.<br />• Dishwasher &amp; Washing Machine<br />• American Style Fridge Freezer  <br />• Dining Area – Perfect For Bringing The Family And Friends Together.<br />• Family Bathroom<br />• Double Bedroom – Complete With En-Suite<br />• Twin Bedroom – Perfect When Having Guests To Stay.<br />• Double Glazing<br />• Central Heating<br />• Full Decking With A Hot Tub<br />• Open Plan<br />WANT A MORE INDEPTH VIEW? WATCH THE VIDEO HERE: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2tCaFcf9I30">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2tCaFcf9I30</a><br />Luxury comes as standard with this lodge, spacious, sleek and stylish, all fixtures and finishing’s are to the highest standard. Heres more details into each room:<br />THE KITCHEN<br /> A well-equipped, family sized kitchen features a nice high gloss grey finishing to the cupboards, a large integrated fridge/ freezer with its own ice machine, dishwasher, high level double cavity oven and grill, combination microwave, a five-burner hob, a washer/dryer and an island for more side space and storage.<br />THE LOUNGE<br />A very spacious open plan area with wooden by fold doors for privacy if needed, free standing furniture, an electric fire on the wall with flame effect, plenty of storage. Another by folding door which leads into the snug which has a single arm chair and a double sofa with a bed enclosed. Patio door allowing entrance into the decking.<br /><br />Bedroom 1 <br />The 2nd bedroom has 2 single beds with a bedside table either side with a long headboard across the back of the room.<br />There is also a lovely dressing table with a mirrored wardrobe either side of the dressing area with overhead storage.<br /><br /><br />Bathroom <br /><br />The main bathroom in the holiday home has a great sized bath with wash basin and wc mirrored doors with storage enclosed.<br /><br /><br />Bedroom 2<br />The master bedroom is very spacious, has two bedside tables, mirrored wardrobes with plenty of overhead storage.<br />THIS COULD BE YOURS FOR £99,995, WHICH INCLUDES GAS AND ELECTRIC CHECKS, FULL JET WASH OUTSIDE AND A FULL CLEAN INSIDE, SITED AND CONNECTED FULL MANUFACTURES WARRANTY.<br /><br />for any more information please call:<br /><br />Steve – 07425773030<br />Shane - 07702546974<br /><br />Best regards, My Leisure Home{% endraw %}
