---
title: "तीन जादुई सोने की गाय। 3 Jadui sone ke cow। three magical golden cow ।moral story in Hindi"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/tnQo6DWtPak\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "tnQo6DWtPak"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["तीन","जादुई","सोने"]
date: "2021-11-21T10:51:42+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-21T01:00:24Z"
duration: "PT8M59S"
viewcount: "42485"
likeCount: "1088"
dislikeCount: "363"
channel: "Abundance Story TV"
---
{% raw %}#Jadui_sone_ke_cow#three_magical_golden_cow#moral_story_in_Hindi<br /><br /><br /><br />(((Three Magical Gold Cows)))<br /><br /> Narr... A man named Umrao lived with his wife Kalavati in Sonpur village, he was very poor and used to cut wood from the forest and earn his living by selling it. His wife was very ill and used to stay in bed.  .... one day...<br /><br /> Umrao (going in the morning)... Kalavati I am going to the forest to get wood, you eat food and take medicine..<br /><br /> Kalawati (especially)... Khoo... Khu... Good sir, take care of yourself too..<br /><br /> Narr... Umrao goes to the forest and starts chopping wood, only then he sees...<br /><br /> Umrao... Hey is it a small calf that has fallen in the pit and its mother (cow) is roaming around...<br /><br /> Umrao (thinking in my mind)... if I take time to remove it, I will not be able to cut the wood..<br /><br /> Umrao (after thinking a lot)... can't see the cow screaming anymore, I have to help..<br /><br /> Narr... and Umrao goes and takes out the calf of the cow from the pit.<br /><br /> Umrao (sad while coming home)... today very few woods have been cut, don't know how to survive<br /><br /> Narr.. reaching home..<br /><br /> Kalawati (seeing the woods)... what happened today brought only a few woods.<br /><br /> Umrao (with a sad heart)... nothing happened. The calf of the cow had fallen in the pit, it took more time to get it out.<br /><br /> Kalawati ...<br /><br /> Narr... then the sound of a cow comes and both of them go to the gate and watch.<br /><br /> Kalawati (holding head)... oh god, we don't even have a place to eat and you brought these 3 cows and this calf home too...<br /><br /> Umrao (slightly surprised)... It seems that this cow has come after me, I helped them, that's why I came with me, I did not bring them.  When no one has come, they keep them, they will give as much as they can to eat.<br /><br /> Kalawati (with a sad heart)... Due to illness, the ancestral property has already been mortgaged to all the landlords, now this house is left, it is not even known when we will know how we will take care of these three cows and their calf..<br /><br /> Umrao... what will happen will be seen tomorrow why do you think that the one above will do right, leave everything to the above... I see if there is something to eat, then the food should be eaten...<br /><br /> Narr... both of them eat the little food that was in the house and put some of the food to the cow and its calf.. Next day morning...<br /><br /> Kalawati... the cow that has a calf, it will give milk, take out some milk, our work will also be done.<br /><br /> Umrao... ok let me take it out now<br /><br /> Narr... Umrao sees that the milk is quite yellow, brings it inside and shows it to Kalavati too.<br /><br /> Umrao... look at this Kalavati, how yellow this milk is...<br /><br /> Kalawati...<br /><br /> Umrao (sounding out)... Hear you, look quickly, see what it is...<br /><br /> Kalwati... Hey this is gold that means this cow gives milk of gold..<br /><br /> Umrao (Happily)... O you above, you have listened to us, now our sorrows will be solved.<br /><br /> Kalawati... yes you are right..<br /><br /> Umrao... now you will be able to get your treatment done well and you will be fine...we should walk and thank the cow for helping us...<br /><br /> Narr... and then both reach the cows..<br /><br /> Umrao (with folded hands).... O cow mother, the gold that has come out of your milk will help us a lot, thank you very much.<br /><br /> Narr... then another cow dung it...<br /><br /> Kalawati (shocked).... Hey look at this gold dung...<br /><br /> Umrao (Being happy)... God seems to have become very pleased with us who have given us this cow...<br /><br /> Narr.<br /><br /> Kalawati (very happy)... Truly the one above has given us a great gift..<br /><br /> Umaro (with folded hands)... O cow mothers, accept my salutation at your feet, you have been very much pleased on us who came to our house..<br /><br /> Narr... indoors...<br /><br /> Umrao... Now we should take advantage of the help that the above has helped us, tomorrow you should be ready, we will go to the city and get you treated..<br /><br /> Kalawati (happily)... Really I will be fine now..<br /><br /> Narr... and Umrao gets Kalavati treated and she is completely fine... and in a few days their poverty also goes away, then one day...<br /><br /> Kalawati... you hear me, a thought has come to my mind that now we have got some money, why don't we get rid of the ancestral land and property which we had mortgaged with the zamindar..<br /><br /> Umrao (thinking a little)... Say you have been fine, I go and talk to the landlord tomorrow..<br /><br /> Narr... the next day at the zamindar's house...<br /><br /> Umrao... Ram-Ram Zamindar Sahib...<br /><br /> Hira Singh (zamindar)... Ram-Ram Umrao Come sit, how did you come today, your wife is fine..<br /><br /> Umrao... ji Zamindar Sahib, everything is fine with your prayers.. Tell me the account of my ancestral land and property that I had with you, I will give it to you and you give me my land back..<br /><br /> Hira singh(thinking in your mind)... Umrao has to find out from where so much money came all of a sudden.<br /><br /> Hira Singh... Oh yes, why not Umrao brother, it is a matter of great happiness, you give me a day or two, I will tell you after accounting<br /><br /> Narr... Umrao goes to his house after that...{% endraw %}
