---
title: "Learning Management System for Students and Corporate || CLANED"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/-ki-W5DqgCA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "-ki-W5DqgCA"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["learning management system","elearning","lms"]
date: "2021-09-14T07:40:44+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-12-06T07:45:33Z"
duration: "PT15M51S"
viewcount: "958"
likeCount: "70"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "School Kat"
---
{% raw %}If you need this feel free to email or call<br />Email: debashis.k.u93@gmail.com   <br />Phone: +8801716795341<br /><br />Description: Education is the foundation of making the world a better place. We believe in the power of learning and its influence on improving the quality of life and empowering people to achieve more. Digitalizing learning is inevitable in order to reach the results on educational and operational levels that are needed in today’s world.<br />That is why we focus on providing technology, tools, and services to enable Digital Transformation for Learning. We are your partner in change—working alongside you to boost your success and support you by combining Finnish excellence in education and technology.<br />We assist you on your digitalization journey when all the different elements of the Claned learning solution are brought together: the learning platform, learning design, and learning data and analytics. <br /><br />Best practices of online learning<br />WORKSHOP 1<br />Best practices give you a great toolbox to understand modern engaging online learning. Together we plan for an effective digital learning program. With this you will get the best experience out of Claned learning platform but also boost your existing courses into a modern learning program.<br /><br />Engage participants with social learning<br />WORKSHOP 2<br />Social learning workshop allows you to set goals and methods to achieve social interaction on your courses. You will get ideas to encourage learners for more active participation through making your materials part of activating discussion assignments. After this session you have methods, a checklist to get you started with social learning and a plan on how to enable it.<br /><br />Course design and planning<br />WORKSHOP 3<br />In the course design workshops we start building outline for your online course. Together we will define learning outcomes and course KPIs. After the design sessions you have functional and engaging content planned for your course. In the end we will finalize the content and get ready to launch your course.<br /><br />Learning data analysis<br />WORKSHOP 4<br />We help you leverage your learning data by linking it to your organization’s success metrics and gaining insights about what to improve. This workshop will help you measure the impact of learning and help you communicate it to stakeholders.<br /><br />Claned is quick and easy to use<br />Comments, assessments and certficates leave an impression with your learners and boost the learning process.<br /><br />Align Claned with your brand<br />Align Claned with your brand by using custom images, logos, and a URL. Claned will appear as your learning platform for your learners.<br /><br />Track progress and let the data flow<br />Make sure learning is actually happening with the powerful analytics features. Sync data to your core systems through our API.<br /><br />#elearnign #lms #learningManagementSystem<br /><br />Ignored Keyword: <br />learning management system, elearning, lms, what is lms, what is an lms, learning management system, lms is, what is learning management system, what is an learning management system, what does lms do, lms definition, benefits of an lms, corporate training lms, corporate lms, business lms, lms for business, lms for small business, online training software, digital learning software, elearning software, lms software, best lms, best lms platforms, learning, digital learning, talent management, e-learning{% endraw %}
