---
title: "Gender and Human Sexuality: Factors that affects one's attitude & practices  I DARWIN RAMOS VLOGS"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/ECmXYU1Tn8I\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "ECmXYU1Tn8I"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["Gender","Human","Sexuality:"]
date: "2021-10-27T23:03:01+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-12-09T21:51:08Z"
duration: "PT6M58S"
viewcount: "752"
likeCount: "28"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "DARWIN RAMOS VLOGS"
---
{% raw %}GENDER &amp; HUMAN SEXUALITY:<br />FACTORS THAT AFFECT ONE’S ATTITUDES AND PRACTICES RELATED TO SEXUALITY AND SEXUAL BEHAVIORS.<br /><br />GOOD DAY GRADE 8 STUDENTS WELCOME TO OUR LESSON IN HEALTH 8. I’M SIR DARWIN RAMOS MAKE SURE TO GRAB YOUR MODULE WITH YOU AND TUNE IN TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL, DARWIN RAMOS VLOGS<br />FOR TODAY’S LESSON HERE ARE OUR OBJECTIVES: <br />A. ANALYSES THE FACTOR THAT AFFECT ONE’S PERSONALITY THAT MAY INFLUENCE SEXUAL BEHAVIOUR <br />B. IDENTIFY THE FACTORS THAT ONE’S ATTITUES AND PRACTIVES RELATED TO SEXUALITY AND SEXUAL BEHAVIORS;<br />C. DIFFERENTIATE THE INFLUENTIAL FACTORS THAT AFFECTS ONE’S SEXUALITY AND SEXUAL BEHAVIORS’ AND<br />D. WRITE A REFLECTION ON THE FACTORS THAT INFLUENCE AND AFFECT ONE’S ATTITUDES AND PRACTICES RELATED TO SEXUALITY AND SEXUAL BEHAVIORS.<br /><br /> WE ARE SURROUNDED BY SOCIAL INFLUENCES ON OUR SEXUALITY AND THIS GREATLY AFFECTS OUR ATTITUDES AND PRACTICES.<br /><br />FACTORS THAT AFFECTS ONE’S ATTITUDES RELATED TO SEXUALITY AND SEXUAL BEHAVIOUR.<br />*RELIGION<br />* MULTICULTURISM <br />* SOCIOECONOMIC STATUS<br />* ETHICS <br />* MEDIA <br />*POLITICS <br /><br />RELIGION  <br />-RELIGIOUS AND SPIRITUAL BELIEFS, MORALITY, SEXUAL BEHAVIOUR, P?RE-MARITAL SEXUAL BEHAVIOUR, ADULTERY, DIVORCE, CONTRACEPTION AND ABORTION.<br /><br />MULTICULTURALISM<br />-A PERSON’S ETHIC BACKGROUND IS USUALLY DETERMINED BY BIRTH AND IS RELATED TO COUNTRY OF ORIGIN, NATIVE LANGUAGE, RACE AND RELIGION.<br /><br />SOCIOECONOMIC STATUS <br />-SOCIOECONOMIC STATUS AND EDUCATION ALSO INFLUENCE SEXUAL ATTITUDES AND BEHAVIORS.<br /><br />ETHICS <br />-THE ETHICS OF SEXUALITY INVOLVES QUESTIONING THE WAY WE TREAT OURSELVES AND OTHER PEOPLE. <br />FOR EXAMPLE:<br />* IS IT ETHICAL TO ENGAGE IN SEXUAL BEHAVIOURS WITH A PERSON WHO IS MARRIED?<br />* IS IT ETHICAL TO ENGAGE IN SAME SEX RELATIONSHIPS AND ACTIVITIES?<br />* IS IT ETHICAL TO SEE POSITION OF POWER TO OBTAIN SEXUAL PARTNERS?<br /><br />MEDIA<br /> MEDIA HELP SHAPE PUBLIC ATTITUDES ON MANY TOPICS ON SEXUALITY, GENDER ROLES, AND SEXUAL BEHAVIORS<br /> CONSEQUENTLY, THE MEDIA DO NOT PROVIDE US WITH REALISTIC DEPICTIONS.<br /> TELEVISION SHOWS ARE FILLES WITH PORTRAYALS OF SEXUAL ACTIVITY AND “DOUBLE MEANING” COMMENTS.<br /> THE MUSIC INDUSTRY HAS COUNTLESS SEXUAL IMAGES.<br /> CHOOSE THE MEDIA THAT COULD PROMOTE SEXUAL HEALTH BY COMMUNICATION. ACCURATE INFORMATION AND PORTRAYING SITUATIONS.<br /><br />POLITICS <br />-PUBLIC POLICY AFFECTS OUR SEXUAL BEHAVIOR. <br /><br />EXAMPLE: <br />REPUBLIC ACT NO. 10354 OR ALSO KNOWN AS RESPONSIBLE PARENTHOOD AND REPRODUCTIVE HEALTH ACT OF 2012.<br /><br /> Their right to equality and non-discrimination of these rights.<br /> The right to sustainable human development,<br /> The right to health which includes reproductive health<br /> The right of education and information<br /> The right to choose and make decisions for themselves on accordance with their religious convictions, ethics, cultural beliefs, and the demands of responsible parenthood.<br /><br />REPUBLIC ACT NO.9262 ALSO KNOWN AS ANTI VIOLENCE AGAINTS WOMAN AND THEIR CHILDREN ACT OF 2004<br />The state values the dignity of women and children and guarantees full respect for human rights.<br />The state also recognizes the need to protect the family and its members particularly women and children, from violence and children, from violence and treats to their personal safety and security.<br /><br />THOSE ARE THE FACTORS THAT AFFECTS ONE’S ATTITUDES AND PRACTICES RELATED TO SEXUALITY AND SEXUAL BEHEVIORS<br /><br />LET’S HAVE AN ACTIVITY:<br />Directions: For each factor listed below, provide examples of how this factor affects your sexual attitudes and behaviors. Write your answer I the space provided in each number.<br />1. Culture.<br />Filipinos living in different regions have diverse cultures and beliefs. Your cultural background can affect your values regarding sexuality, along with the norms and standards set by society. Describe how your culture affects your human sexuality.<br /><br />(Ang mga Pilipinong naninirahan sa ibat ibang rehiyon ay may magkakaibang kultura at paniniwala. Ang iyong background sa kultura ay maaaring makaapekto sa iyong mga halaga hinggil sa sekswalidad. Kasama ang mga pamantayan at pamantayan na itinakda ng lipunan, ilarawan kung paano nakakaapekto ang iyong kultura sa iyong sekswalidad ng tao)<br /><br /><br />2. Media.<br />The media plays a significant role in our lives as we regularly watch television, listen to radio search the internet, read newspapers etc. <br />Describe how media affects your sexuality. <br />(Malaki ang papel ng media sa ating buhay sa regular na panonood ng telebisyon, pakikinig ng  radio, paghahanap sa internet, pagbabasa ng pahayagan atbp. Ilarawan kung paano nakakaapekto ang media sa iyong sekswalidad.<br />____________________________<br /><br />DON’T FORGET TO SUBMIT YOUR LEARNING ACTIVITY SHEET TO YOUR HEALTH 8 TEACHER.<br />THAT ENDS OUR LESSON I HOPE YOU LEARN SOMETHING NEW TODAY.<br /><br /><br />SPECIAL THANKS TO MY<br /> EVER-SUPPORTIVE CREATIVE TEAM<br /><br />DIRECTOR/LIGHTING/MAKE-UP-<br /> DIVINE ROSE PERANDO<br /><br />VISUAL AND SOUND EDITOR-<br /> MARK LEINARD MATAVERDE<br /><br />TECHNICALITIES-<br /> JOHN CEDRIC CATABONA<br /><br />SCRIPT- JB VISTA<br /><br />FOOD AND REFRESHMENTS- JB VISTA<br /><br /><br />THIS IS SIR DARWIN RAMOS BRINGING THE LESSON AT THE COMFORT OF YOUR HOME<br />BE SAFE!{% endraw %}
