---
title: "REGINA - Day by day [Official video HD]"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/yWVHdB2wUg0\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "yWVHdB2wUg0"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["REGINA","Day By Day","Official video HD"]
date: "2021-11-02T21:52:42+03:00"
vid_date: "2013-06-28T11:01:16Z"
duration: "PT3M48S"
viewcount: "3859052"
likeCount: "23206"
dislikeCount: "802"
channel: "DO IT YOURSELF"
---
{% raw %}Listen on Spotify: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://open.spotify.com/album/580vOemMWveW1EviyBzXWO">http://open.spotify.com/album/580vOemMWveW1EviyBzXWO</a><br />Grab your copy on iTunes: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://itunes.apple.com/it/album/day-by-day/id368769688">https://itunes.apple.com/it/album/day-by-day/id368769688</a><br />Stream more DIY music here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://smarturl.it/dj90s">http://smarturl.it/dj90s</a><br />Follow DO IT YOURSELF: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://smarturl.it/FollowDIY">http://smarturl.it/FollowDIY</a><br /><br />I've made mistakes… so many mistakes… the same mistakes       <br />The day will come… you can't escape… not even from yourself <br /><br />Day By Day <br />Day By Day <br />Day By Day <br /><br />Day By Day  <br />Day by day            <br />Day By Day <br />Day By Day <br /><br />I've mistaken a thousand times <br />Always making the same mistakes <br />Then one day, you cannot escape <br />There will be nothing left you can take  <br /><br />With the memories of the past <br />Living with fear and with my regrets <br />I am paying a price too high <br />I want to wave the past goodbye <br /><br />I want to live all my life, day by day <br />I want to live everyday, as my last <br />I want to live all my life, day by day <br />I want to live and fly away <br /><br />I want to live all my life, day by day <br />I want to live everyday, yeah yeah<br />I want to live all my life, day by day <br />I want to live and fly away<br /><br />Searching forward for what I feared the most <br />Smiling to who would sell my soul <br />Leaving with an empty ghost <br />Afraid again to see my future <br /><br />Now I know that I have to try<br />There are things you can never buy<br />I had money, I can’t deny <br />I want to wave the past goodbye<br /><br />I want to live all my life, day by day <br />I want to live everyday, as my last <br />I want to live all my life, day by day <br />I want to live and fly away <br /><br />I want to live all my life, day by day <br />I want to live everyday, yeah yeah<br />I want to live all my life, day by day <br />I want to live and fly away<br /><br />I want to live all my life, day by day <br />I want to live everyday, as my last <br />I want to live all my life, day by day <br />I want to live and fly away <br /><br />I want to live all my life, day by day <br />I want to live everyday, yeah yeah<br />I want to live all my life, day by day <br />I want to live and fly away<br /><br />Dreams are closer than you think… You realize that…<br />When you loose them <br />Never let them escape… ‘cause time flies…<br />In a one way direction…<br /><br />Music by Marchetti Francesco, Moroldo Massimiliano<br />Lyrics by Aarts Nathalie, Moroldo Massimiliano<br />Published by Baby Angel Music S.r.l. (Italy - SIAE), Mollyville Publishing S.r.l.{% endraw %}
