---
title: "Anthony Joshua SURPRISED WITH AN EXCELLENT REMATCH WITH Alexander Usyk \/ Tyson Fury - Alexander Usyk"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/RokEVNjEvVU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "RokEVNjEvVU"
categories: "Sports"
tags: ["Alexander Usyk","joshua pulev fight","usyk joshua"]
date: "2021-11-20T03:05:34+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-19T11:12:15Z"
duration: "PT9M"
viewcount: "1732"
likeCount: "20"
dislikeCount: "1"
channel: "Fight Tech"
---
{% raw %}Anthony Joshua SURPRISED WITH AN EXCELLENT REMATCH WITH Alexander Usyk Tyson Fury - Alexander Usyk<br /><br />The promoter of the combined WBO/IBF/WBA world heavyweight champion (over 90.7 kg) of Ukrainian Alexander Usyk (19-0, 13 KOs) Alexander Krasyuk gave an interview for a British news blog.<br /><br />In the conversation, the Ukrainian functionary answered the question about the possible victory of the ex-champion from Britain Anthony Joshua (24-2, 22 KOs) in a rematch with Usyk, told about preliminary negotiations and told about a possible fight against the British WBC title holder Tyson Fury (31-0-1, 22 KOS).<br /><br />The head of Matchroom Boxing Eddie Hearn claims that the best boxer of the planet Saul &quot;Canelo&quot; Alvarez (57-1-2, 39 KOs) can perform not only in the heavyweight, but also in the heavyweight (over 90.7 kg). And one day to fight there with the united champion Alexander Usyk (19-0, 13 KOs).<br /><br />Now, recall, the Mexican is the absolute world champion in the second middle division (up to 76.2 kg).<br /><br />Alexander Krasyuk, the promoter of the WBA, WBO and IBF heavyweight title holder Alexander Usyk, discussed the possible transition to heavyweight of the absolute world champion in the second middle division Saul Alvarez.<br /><br />Popular and respected American sports journalist Max Kellerman shared his opinion about the rematch of Anthony Joshua (24-2, 22 KOs) with Alexander Usyk (19-0, 13 KOs), which is most likely waiting for us in the first half of next year. The Ukrainian overthrew the Briton from the heavyweight throne in September, and now the Briton is considering the option of changing the coach, and it is on this aspect that Kellerman focuses.<br /><br />The promoter of the combined WBO/IBF/WBA world heavyweight champion (over 90.7 kg) of Ukrainian Alexander Usyk (19-0, 13 KOs) Alexander Krasyuk gave an interview for a British news blog.<br /><br />— I know this is a difficult question to ask. And I know what your answer will be, but can Joshua make improvements and win the rematch of Alexander Usyk?<br /><br />- I think so. He's a strong guy. He is not the one who loses because he is old or too heavy, or he has an injury from which he cannot recover. There is a good proverb — &quot;your most important opponent is you [pointing to the temple].&quot; And you can win this confrontation not in the ring, not in the gym, but here and here [pointing to the temple and heart]. This is psychology, this is mentality, it's a matter of preparing the mind. If you know how to train yourself, your mind, to get together, to focus on the task, then you can do it. It's a matter of just one punch. There will be 12 rounds, and one punch can decide the outcome of the entire fight. The first round or the last one doesn't matter. The question is how can you find a way to deliver that punch. That's the question. I think this is the biggest challenge for Joshua right now. What needs to be improved on his part in order to lead the fight in the right manner, the way he wants, and not his opponent?<br /><br />&quot;Eddie Hearn said he had to talk to you. Have you already had preliminary conversations (about organizing a rematch)?<br /><br />- Yes, we are in touch. We talked yesterday or the day before, before he left for the States. We agreed to finally meet each other in early December, after his arrival from the USA. We have some proposals on the table, we have some things that need to be discussed, and we still have time to solve it. I don't think it will be a big difference for Joshua and Usyk where this fight will take place. But the sooner they start preparing, the better the performance we will see. We will do the job we have to do.<br /><br />- Eddie said that he prefers to have a rematch there, at Tottenham Stadium. What do you think?<br /><br />— We have 3 options: Ukraine, Britain and Central Asia. There are no conspiracies here, it's about mathematics. We do business, we do business for our clients - respectively, Usyk and Joshua. Our goal is to bring the biggest profit to both of them. That's what we're going to do.<br /><br />— The WBC did not oblige Tyson Fury to fight Dillian White. Bob Arum said that Tyson Fury prefers a fight with Alexander Usyk. Your thoughts? Will we ever see this fight?<br /><br />— There are conversations around this, we have heard them several times. People tried to approach Joshua and Usyk with this proposal, but today we are in a position to make a rematch, because we have it on paper, we gave our word, we signed our words. I don't think money can be a reason for everyone to change their mind. Not only the decision, but also to break the given word. This is not normal for us. That's why our focus at the moment is revenge.<br />Joshua's victory by knockout in a fight with Kubrat Pulev, lopez defeated lomachenko and lomachenko lost to Lopez and lomachenko lopez rematch will take place, alexander usyk joe joyce fight will take place, lomachenko nakatani fight will also take place, usyk joshua and deontay wilder tyson fury fight, usyk knocked out joshua, usyk defeated joshua{% endraw %}
