---
title: "The Ancient World - Part 1: The First Civilizations | The History of the World - Volume I"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/WltJPKFo_J4\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "WltJPKFo_J4"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["History","Ancient History","Ancient Egypt"]
date: "2021-11-02T00:50:35+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-01-09T13:09:19Z"
duration: "PT1H48M34S"
viewcount: "11122974"
likeCount: "95267"
dislikeCount: "7587"
channel: "The History of the World"
---
{% raw %}This is the first part of The History of the World, a new documentary series. The video tells story of the first human civilizations; from ancient Egypt to the mighty Persian Empire. <br /><br />Remember to subscribe for future content! <br /><br />Want to see new episodes? Support the channel on Patreon to make that possible! <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.patreon.com/user?u=59811210&amp;fan_landing=true">https://www.patreon.com/user?u=59811210&amp;fan_landing=true</a><br /><br />Trailer for the series: <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/W0_55mECsa4">https://youtu.be/W0_55mECsa4</a><br /><br />Table of Content: <br /><br />1:35 The Emergence of the First Civilizations<br />8:20 Stonehenge<br />10:05 The Bronze Age<br />12:20 Ancient Crete<br />15:50 The New Kingdom in Egypt<br />20:33 Tutankhamun<br />29:45 Mycenaeans in Greece<br />34:30 Ramesses II<br />42:40 The Late Bronze Age<br />44:55 Trojan War<br />51:58 Bronze Age Collaps<br />55:45 Ancient China<br />1:03:35 The Iron Age<br />1:04:35 Phoenicians<br />1:07:36 Kings of Israel<br />1:22:11 Assyrian Empire<br />1:26:30 Babylonian Empire<br />1:31:26 Making of the Bible<br />1:35:50 Conquests of Cyrus the Great<br />1:41:40 Persian Empire<br /><br />The History of the World: Volume 1 - The Ancient World follows the rise and fall of the great kingdoms of the ancient world: the Egyptian civilization, Mohenjo Daro, the Mycenaeans of Greece, the first Chinese kingdoms, the Israelites, the Assyrian Empire – and much more. You'll experience great battles, like Megiddo, Kadesh, the Trojan War and the Persian conquest. And you'll witness first hand the great accomlishments of the first civilizations: farming, city-building, writing, trade, exploration and lawmaking. Some of the legendary figures of history are included here: Egyptian pharaohs like Thutmose, Thutankhamon and Ramesses; the heroes of the Mycenean Age, like Achilles and Hector; the great Jewish kings Saul, David and Solomon; and the mighty Persian rulers such as Cyrus and Xerxes. <br /><br />To tell the history of the ancient world, dozens of different films, TV-series and documentaries have been used. This includes Exodus: Gods and Kings, Mohenjo Daro, Troy, Tut, The Bible, Mankind: The Story of All of Us and Andrew Marr's History of the World.<br /><br />Full Credits list:<br /><br />Sid Meier's Civilization IV (Firaxis, 2006)<br /><br />Andrew Marr's History of the World (BBC, 2012)<br /><br />10,000 BC (Warner Bros, 2008)<br /><br />The Scorpion King (Universal Pictures, 2002)<br /><br />The Scorpion King 2: Rise of a Warrior (Universal Pictures, 2008)<br /><br />The Scorpion King 4: Quest for Power (Capital Arts, 2014)<br /><br />Sid Meier's Civilization V (Firaxis, 2010)<br /><br />Mohenjo Daro (UTV Motion Pictures, 2014)<br /><br />Mankind: The Story of all of Us (History, 2012)<br /><br />Bronze Age (Pixel Studios, 2016)<br /><br />Ägypten (Terra X, 2011)<br /><br />Die Europa-Saga (Terra X, 2017)<br /><br />The Story of Europe (ZDFE, 2017)<br /><br />Tut (Spike, 2015)<br /><br />Troy (Warner Bros, 2004)<br /><br />The Odyssey (NBC, 1997)<br /><br />Clash of the Titans (Warner Bros, 2010)<br /><br />Hercules (Paramount Pictures/Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, 2014)<br /><br />The Legend of Hercules (Summit Entertainment, 2014)<br /><br />The Hittites (ATB Ajans, 2003)<br /><br />The Mummy: Tomb of the Dragon Emperor (Universal Pictures, 2008)<br /><br />Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon: Sword of Destiny (Netflix, 2016)<br /><br />Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon (Sony Pictures Classics, 2000)<br /><br />The Lost Bladesman (Edko Films/Easternlight Films, 2011)<br /><br />Confucius (China Film Group, 2010)<br /><br />The Bible (History, 2013)<br /><br />Solomon and Sheba (United Artists, 1959)<br /><br />Ashurbanipal (The British Museum, 2018)<br /><br />Noah (Paramount Pictures, 2014)<br /><br />Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time (Walt Disney Studios, 2010)<br /><br />The 300 Spartans (20th Century Fox, 1962)<br /><br />300 (Warner Bros, 2006)<br /><br />300: Rise of an Empire (Warner Bros, 2014)<br /><br />Alexander the Great (United Artists, 1956)<br /><br />Alexander the Great Conquers the World (Bonnier ublications, 2005)<br /><br />Alexander der Große (Terra X, 2016)<br /><br />Alexander (Warner Bros, 2004)<br /><br />Also with music from:<br />Karl Jenkins &amp; Miriam Stockley; Derek &amp; Brandon Fiechter; Age of Conan; Guild Wars Nightfall/Factions; The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim/Online/Morrowind; Assassin's Creed Origins; Disney's Hercules; Two Steps from Hell; Inception; Kingdom of Heaven; Rome: Total War; World of Warcraft.<br /><br />About The History of the World-series:<br /><br />I have taken footage from hundreds of different historic films, TV-series and documentaries and put them together. The result is a historic narrative unlike anything you've seen before. From the first civilizations to present day, this series aims at telling the whole human story. From Gladiator to Gravity, from Alexander to Lincoln, from Vikings to Band of Brothers - this is the History of the World told in a whole new way.<br /><br />Plan for the Project: <br /><br />I: The Ancient World (10,000 BC-323 BC) - Out Now!<br />II: Age of Empires (300 BC-180 AD) - Out Now!<br />III: Rise and Fall (30-476 AD)<br />IV: The Dark Ages (476-1066)<br />V: The Age of Kings (1066-1492)<br />VI: New Worlds, New Faiths (1492-1648)<br />VII: The Road to Revolution (1648-1815)<br />VIII: Nation and Empire (1815-1918)<br />IX: The World at War (1918-1945)<br />X: The Modern Age (1945-Present Day)<br /><br />#History #HistoryoftheWorld #AncientHistory #AncientEgypt #BronzeAge #Persia #Troy #China #Mesopotamia #Documentary #worldhistory{% endraw %}
