---
title: "Chemistry Tutorial: Chemical Elements (1-2)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/L1IBnH4y6-M\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "L1IBnH4y6-M"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["online chemistry courses","Chemistry tutorial","chemical elements"]
date: "2021-10-17T02:52:22+03:00"
vid_date: "2017-07-01T11:56:34Z"
duration: "PT6M43S"
viewcount: "126751"
likeCount: "1707"
dislikeCount: "86"
channel: "AtomicSchool"
---
{% raw %}The chemistry tutorial video explains chemical elements as it shows how the entire Universe is built from just 92 different kinds of atoms, but that these atoms are normally mixed up in different arrangements to make all the different substances in the world.<br /><br />The video animation then pulls the different kinds of atoms from different substances apart, and rearranges them in separate piles. <br />These new collections of atoms, all made of one kind, are substances too, and are given a special name- elements.<br /><br />The hypothetical situation in which all the atoms in all the substances in the Universe are pulled apart is shown, resulting in the 92 elements that our Universe could be simplified to.  The difference between a single atom and the substance that many atoms can make is discussed.<br /><br /><br /><br />Subscribe to watch more online chemistry courses &amp; science videos:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.youtube.com/channel/UCiX8pAYWBppIbtUZTfGnRJw?sub_confirmation=1">http://www.youtube.com/channel/UCiX8pAYWBppIbtUZTfGnRJw?sub_confirmation=1</a><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />About Atomic School:<br />Atomic School supports the teaching of Atomic Theory to primary school &amp; science students .<br />We provide lesson plans, hands-on classroom resources, demonstration equipment, quizzes and a Teacher's Manual to primary school teachers. Animated videos that clearly explain the scientific ideas supports learning by both teachers and students. As a teacher, you don't have to look anywhere else to implement this program.<br /><br />Our work has been verified by science education researchers at the University of Southern Queensland, Dr Jenny Donovan and Dr Carole Haeusler, who confirm that primary students are capable of learning much more complex scientific concepts than previously thought, and crucially, that they love it. Students run to class!<br /><br />The program has been trialed in Australian schools as well as schools in the Philippines, Iran and India. It is conducted as holiday workshops at the Australian Nuclear Science and Technology Organisation, the Queensland Museum as well as the World Science Festival.<br />It has attracted wide media interest, including TV, radio and print, and the research data has been presented at prestigious American Education Research Association and Australian Science Education Research Association conferences. <br /><br />Atomic Theory underlies all the other sciences- genetics, electronics, nanotechnology, engineering and astronomy- so an early understanding will set them up for a more successful learning sequence for all their science subjects, and support their mastery of mathematics as well. We also have extension programs that cover Biology, Physics and Astronomy to an equal depth.<br /><br /><br /><br />About Ian Stuart (Email: ian.douglas.stuart@gmail.com):<br />The founder of Atomic School, Ian Stuart, taught Chemistry and Physics for 25 years at senior levels before he realized that his 8-year old son, Tom, could understand Atomic Theory at a much deeper level than he expected. After visiting Tom's class at school, he discovered that his peers could also grasp the abstract scientific concepts, as well as apply it usefully to the real world.<br /><br />Ian then developed a program to teach the advanced concepts of high school Chemistry, Physics and Biology to students 10 years younger than they normally would. He found that this engaged their interest in modern science early, and sustained it through to high school and beyond. It also sets them up for future success in their academic and career paths.<br /><br />Ian has a Bachelor's Degree in Chemistry from the University of Queensland and a Master's degree in Electrochemistry from the University of Melbourne.<br /><br /><br /><br /><br />Connect with Atomic School on social media:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://facebook.com/AtomicSchool">http://facebook.com/AtomicSchool</a><br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://twitter.com/AtomicSchools">http://twitter.com/AtomicSchools</a><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://instagram.com/AtomicSchools">http://instagram.com/AtomicSchools</a><br /><br /><br />Video transcript:<br />All the things in the universe are made from just 92 different kinds of atoms.  Atoms are too small to see with our eyes, so we can only see the substances that they make.  Here are 4 substances- wood from a desk, a lump of glass, water, and a chunk of copper - but to see their atoms we'd need to magnify them to make them look a billion times bigger.  Let's do that.  Normally the different kinds of atoms are mixed up and joined to other atoms, and it's unusual to find one kind of atom all on its own.  <br />To tell the atoms apart, we have made an atom code with different coloured balls, and one or two letters.  The little white ones show Hydrogen atoms, with the letter H, the black ones Carbon, oxygens are red, silicons grey, and copper is orange.  Notice that oxygen atoms are  in three different substances here- wood, glass and water, which look and feel very different to each other.  And Hydrogen is in both wood and water.  The same atoms can make completely different substances when they are put together in different ways. <br />Now we're going to pull apart all of the atoms from their substances, and put them in separate piles.  All the Hydrogens go here, the carbons here, Oxygens here, Silicons here and coppers here.{% endraw %}
