---
title: "How to Get Stronger in 30 Days (JUST DO THIS!)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/2OD1gjN5BWg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "2OD1gjN5BWg"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["how to get strong","how to get stronger","get strong"]
date: "2021-11-08T00:08:09+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-07T18:49:19Z"
duration: "PT6M21S"
viewcount: "38266"
likeCount: "4313"
dislikeCount: "65"
channel: "ATHLEAN-X™"
---
{% raw %}If you want to learn how to get stronger in just 30 days then you’re in the right place. In this video I’m going to show you how to increase strength and build muscle in just 4 to 5 weeks using one of the most overlooked but important training techniques you can break out in your workouts.<br /><br />The concept is called compensatory acceleration training and it has been used for decades with great results. Guys like Mel Siff, Louie Simmons and Fred Hatfield have understood that science of physics plays a large part in the gains that you see from your workouts. They know that the old equation of F = M x A leaves open one of the most overlooked training elements that we are no longer going to forget about after today.<br /><br />Force equals mass times acceleration. This means that when we are looking to progressively overload our muscles we have two ways to do so by this equation. We can either increase the amount of mass or weight that we are lifting, or we can increase the acceleration of the weight that we are lifting. Either one of these is going to have a increase on the force generation capacity of our muscles and create a new stimulus for overload and growth.<br /><br />All too often we focus on simply putting more weight on the bar when we are trying to get stronger. This is one of the best ways to achieve this, that is, until the opportunity to continue to do so becomes harder and harder to accomplish. There are limits to how quickly we can build overall strength. Most of the time, our earliest gains in the gym come as we improve our neurological efficiencies with the lifts that we are performing in our newbie stage of training.<br /><br />Once our bodies and muscles become more efficient with the weights that we are lifting, the ability to keep getting stronger gets harder. <br /><br />That is until we stop and evaluate our options.<br /><br />The equation above lets the smart lifters tap into the speed element of their lifts as a way to charge up the muscle gains and strength gains again. It doesn’t matter what workout split you are following right now or even what exercises you are doing necessarily. If you want to increase the work being performed by the muscles you are attempting to grow you will move the weight faster.<br /><br />Now this doesn’t have to even be perceptible to someone watching you perform the lift.<br /><br />As long as the intention is there to push the bar as fast as you can through the concentric part of the lift, even again if this means that bar speed increases visibly by even just a little bit, you are going to be better capable of recruiting the type ii fibers to the job at hand. These are the fibers that are most capable of increasing size and strength as they are developed. Throw in the fact that sometimes just increasing the efficiency with which these are recruited is enough to instantly unlock gains in strength that you never knew you were capable of.<br /><br />Here I show you how to increase bench press strength by moving the bar or dumbbells up here as fast as you can. Again, this would apply even if I was doing something like a barbell row, a deadlift or even a lat pulldown. Speaking of deadlifts, you can see how Jesse from ATHLEAN-X has dramatically increased the strength of his deadlift by using this same very technique. <br /><br />Often times we overlook the importance of moving the bar faster because the strength curve of the exercise itself lends itself to letting us coast. For instance, on the squat, the exercise is most difficult coming out of the bottom of the movement. Once we hit midway, the strength curve gets much easier and we coast the remainder of the way up to the top. In compensatory acceleration training, you would not stop accelerating even when the lift became mechanically easier.<br /><br />Give this a try for the next 30 days and I promise you that you will get stronger in just the next month. This is especially true if you are not accustomed to manipulating your rep speed in your training.<br /><br />If you are looking for a complete program that will build more muscle, athleticism and size in one step by step follow along system, be sure to visit athleanx.com via the link below and check out the All American Muscle program coming on Black Friday 2021. <br /><br />For more videos on how to get stronger and how to build muscle fast, be sure to remember to subscribe to our channel here on youtube via the link below and turn on your notifications so you never miss a new video when it’s published.<br /><br />Build ripped athletic muscle here - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://athleanx.com/x/my-workouts">http://athleanx.com/x/my-workouts</a><br />Subscribe to this channel here - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://bit.ly/2b0coMW">http://bit.ly/2b0coMW</a>{% endraw %}
