---
title: "5 Scientific Ways to Be More Attractive to Men"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/sdrTKklbex0\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "sdrTKklbex0"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["am i attractive to guys","become more attractive","becoming more attractive"]
date: "2021-11-02T08:06:17+03:00"
vid_date: "2016-07-07T16:53:48Z"
duration: "PT8M"
viewcount: "1525233"
likeCount: "21667"
dislikeCount: "2013"
channel: "Love Strategies"
---
{% raw %}There’s just no denying that men are VISUAL creatures...find out the 5 proven ways to catch his eye<br />Watch more videos like this: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.SexyConfidence.com/secret">http://www.SexyConfidence.com/secret</a><br />Learn how to trigger emotional attraction here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://emotionalattractionformula.com/">http://emotionalattractionformula.com/</a><br />We’ve come a long way, haven’t we?<br /><br />Together we’ve explored all sorts of strategies to help you improve your dating and romantic life--from how to flirt and improve your communication skills to developing inner confidence and much more.<br /><br />But none of that matters if you can’t catch his eye!<br /><br />That’s why I’ve decided that it’s time to bring out “the Secret Sauce” and discuss 5 PROVEN ways to be more attractive to men… PHYSICALLY!<br /><br />There’s just no denying that men are VISUAL creatures.<br /><br />Boost your position on the “Sexy Scale” with one of these 5 easy methods and tell me how it goes in the comments.<br /><br />Your Coach,<br />Adam<br /><br />PS: Ok… you’ve got the looks, but do you want to learn how to KEEP a man interested AFTER you’ve caught his eye?<br /><br />If so, you need to understand the secrets of Emotional Attraction. Go here to learn why this is so important: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://emotionalattractionformula.com/">https://emotionalattractionformula.com/</a><br /><br />SUMMARY - <br />1. Your smile<br /> <br />If your teeth are yellow, whiten them.<br /> <br />A Loyola University study simulated a first date before teeth whitening and then a first date after the teeth whitening. The results were absolutely astounding! What they found is that after the teeth were whitened, there was a 54% increase in wanting to continue the date and over a 59% increase in the date thinking they were outgoing.<br /> <br />So just by having white teeth, you have a 50% greater chance of getting that second date. Also, for some reason, people think you are more sociable and outgoing.<br /> <br />2. Your smell<br /> <br />It’s kind of creepy the way smell can immediately bring back all these incredible emotions. Of course you don’t want to smell like a guy’s ex-girlfriends from middle school, but smell is an incredibly powerful way to attract men. There’s a reason for this. <br /><br />Smell is processed by your olfactory bulb, which starts inside the nose and runs inside the bottom of the brain. Basically, your olfactory bulb has direct connections to the two brain areas that are strongly connected to emotion and memory — the amygdala and the hippocampus.<br /> <br />So whatever you’ve got to do to get great perfume, to smell really great, you’ve got to go out and do it. Get a guy friend, go to Macy’s, spray some perfume on you, and see how it smells with your skin and your body. Try a few and then find one that he really likes and you really like. Now you’re going to smell better and you’re going to be more physically attractive to men.<br /> <br />3. Red lipstick<br /> <br />My girlfriend’s nickname when I first met her was Red Lipstick Girl because the very first thing I noticed about her was her incredible smile and really, really bright red lipstick. It immediately caught my eye.<br /> <br />Another study I found took a look at what men’s eyes were looking at when they put lipstick on a woman’s lips. Manchester University found that a guy would look at her lips for as much as two to three times longer than if there were no lipstick on the lips. Clearly, your lips are a very sensual area and very attractive to men. <br /> <br />There’s a reason why women have been putting on red lipstick for a long time. It’s very effective and it can be a great fashion statement. Most of all, it can create an incredible response from men, making them more attracted to you.<br /> <br />4. Long, straight hair<br /> <br />I’m sorry, but all you short-haired, single women out there may want to reconsider growing your hair out.<br /> <br />Zeus did a study where they surveyed men in what they found to be most attractive. They found that the sexiest hairstyle of all was down and straight with 38% response. Down and curly was the second most favored type of hair with 33%. A simple ponytail was at 13%. Rated lowest of all was short hair.<br /><br />From a guy’s perspective, I generally agree with this study. Longer hair is definitely very attractive, very feminine, and is something men are very attracted to.<br /> <br />5. Wear some type of red on your clothing<br /> <br />I’ve been talking about wearing red for a long time. It really does catch the eye of men. However, most studies out there will tell you it’s not going to necessarily make you more attractive to men. If a guy is not physically attracted to you, wearing red is not suddenly going to be like, boom! he’s now attracted to you. But if he’s already attracted to you, it will get his attention even more. <br /><br />So wearing red will not only get his attention, but it also triggers a key component of his biology. It’s like in those old cartoons where you see a woman wearing red… it is something that triggers an increase in our attraction.{% endraw %}
