---
title: "Brian Laundries ALIVE? Cause of death UNDETERMINED by anthropologist? | Gabby Petito Case"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/pYGdaqtcMVA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "pYGdaqtcMVA"
categories: "Film-Animation"
tags: ["Brian Laundrie Sighting","Green Coves Spring","Florida"]
date: "2021-11-07T12:50:47+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-07T02:01:04Z"
duration: "PT1H46M5S"
viewcount: "45331"
likeCount: "3189"
dislikeCount: "167"
channel: "Joseph Morris"
---
{% raw %}Brian Laundrie’s remains were so badly decomposed that we may never know his cause of death. If you want to stay up to date on this developing story, please hit the subscribe button below.<br /><br />Badly Decomposed<br /><br />Nancy Grace says his remains were like soup a that point from being in the Florida water. <br /><br />Anthropologists<br /><br />Anthropologists say that they may not have enough soft tissue to conduct a proper toxicology report.<br /><br />I find it peculiar that the anthropologist said a couple days, and it’s been a couple weeks now. So I take that as a bad sign.<br /><br />Wildlife<br /><br />It could also be because his remains were eaten by wildlife, as this survivalist expert explains. <br /><br />Casey Anthony<br /><br />So we may never know his cause of death. Similar to how Casey Anthony’s cause of death was undetermined. <br />Her remains were so badly decomposed that a cause of death was able to be determined.<br /><br />Suicide<br /><br />The cops speculated at a community meeting that he committed suicide. So maybe the water bottle that belonged to Gabby was used to make a deadly concoction and that residue could be used to determine his cause of death.<br /><br />Water Bottle<br /><br />There is speculation if that water bottle even belonged to Gabby. It was seen in her van life video and is a discontinued colour. The Petito family lawyer said it was strange for the cops to leave this behind.<br /><br />Source: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.rei.com/product/188430/rei-co-op-nalgene-sustain-seek-nature-graphic-wide-mouth-water-bottle-32-fl-oz">https://www.rei.com/product/188430/rei-co-op-nalgene-sustain-seek-nature-graphic-wide-mouth-water-bottle-32-fl-oz</a><br /><br />Drugs<br /><br />There is some speculation that Brian Laundrie did do drugs. On his Pinterest account, he seemed to have what looked like to be LSD tablets that had Adventure Time. And Gabby’s DePop store was selling shirts saying “too high.” <br /><br />(Source: depop.com/thingsgabbydoes/)<br /><br />One person speculated that he used the $1000 from Gabby’s credit card to buy drugs. <br /><br />Overdosed<br /><br />If he overdosed, sadly that would cause the results to be also undetermined, because they wouldn’t have enough soft tissue to conduct a proper toxicology report. <br /><br />No Funeral<br /><br />Because he was only confirmed by dental remains and his cause of death is undetermined, that could be why his parents are not holding a funeral, simply because they can’t get a death certificate.<br /><br />Florida Law<br /><br />In Florida law, you need to have the cause of death before you get a burial. You can’t have a. Funeral if:<br /><br />1. An autopsy is pending.<br />2. Toxicology, laboratory, or other diagnostic reports have not been completed.<br />3. The identity of the decedent is unknown and further investigation or identification is required.<br /><br />(Source: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://casetext.com/statute/florida-statutes/title-xxxiii-regulation-of-trade-commerce-investments-and-solicitations/chapter-497-funeral-cemetery-and-consumer-services/part-i-general-provisions/section-497171-identification-of-human-remains)">https://casetext.com/statute/florida-statutes/title-xxxiii-regulation-of-trade-commerce-investments-and-solicitations/chapter-497-funeral-cemetery-and-consumer-services/part-i-general-provisions/section-497171-identification-of-human-remains)</a><br /><br />I’m unsure but I am hoping that the dental records won’t be enough to identify his body for a funeral. And that they will be conducting a DNA test to be sure. <br /><br />Determination <br /><br />The medical examiner and now the forensic anthropologist must provide their determination of how he died through cause, mechanism, and manner of death. A lot of people are leaning towards they will say it’s undetermined because how little remains there were and how badly decomposed they were. They’ve only ever received a portion of his skull. <br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.dummies.com/education/science/forensics/the-cause-mechanism-and-manner-of-death/">https://www.dummies.com/education/science/forensics/the-cause-mechanism-and-manner-of-death/</a><br /><br />B-Lined<br /><br />There are rumours that a family member of the Laundrie parents is a dentist. And maybe that the Laundrie parents planted those remains, after all, they found it the day after the park was open and b-lined towards it.<br /><br />Leading the narrative<br /><br />I also wouldn’t necessarily trust what was in that notebook either, even if it was a suicide note. As it could have been planted. The Laundrie family, as well as the cops, wanted us to believe it was a suicide. <br /><br />(Source: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://news.yahoo.com/brian-laundries-parents-worried-may-204032372.html)">https://news.yahoo.com/brian-laundries-parents-worried-may-204032372.html)</a><br /><br />Still alive <br /><br />The undetermined diagnosis may lead people to think he’s still out there and alive. <br /><br />Briann Entin says that if, “If they close the case those documents will be available through public record searches.” If they don’t do that, there’s technically a chance that there’s still a murderer out there,” he says.”<br /><br />(Source: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://news.yahoo.com/brian-laundrie-family-yet-receive-105340837.html)">https://news.yahoo.com/brian-laundrie-family-yet-receive-105340837.html)</a><br /><br />Serial Killer<br /><br />So it could be he is a serial killer. His parents bough a camper van that he used to pay in cash to go to Fort De Soto, where there was a gun found. The gun is being held in evidence with Sarasota police, so it’s still undetermined if this belongs to Brian Laundrie or not. <br /><br />There are a few unsolved murders related to the Laundrie case. Sara Bayard, Lauren and Kylen, Ellenorah Thompson. We know that at the Merry Piglet’s altercation, he was targeting all the female wait staff as he argued over a bill, according to the instagrammer.{% endraw %}
