---
title: "3 ways to use HAVE GOT in English"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/jXDMl3HVEBY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "jXDMl3HVEBY"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["English grammar","English vocabulary","vocabulary"]
date: "2021-10-10T12:10:55+03:00"
vid_date: "2014-04-14T03:30:00Z"
duration: "PT5M41S"
viewcount: "367052"
likeCount: "6329"
dislikeCount: "98"
channel: "English with Alex · engVid English Classes"
---
{% raw %}Learning English? You have got to watch this! In this lesson, I teach two very common words and a few different ways to use them. You will learn how to use &quot;have got&quot; to show obligation OR possession. More importantly, I teach you which tenses each form is possible with, and how to form the negative constructions. You'll also learn some very common mistakes ESL students make using &quot;have got&quot;. And on top of all that, I teach you a little bit of slang. You gotta check this out!<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.engvid.com/3-ways-to-use-have-got/">https://www.engvid.com/3-ways-to-use-have-got/</a><br /><br />TRANSCRIPT<br /><br />Hey, guys. I'm Alex. Thanks for clicking, and welcome to this lesson on &quot;have got&quot;. So, in English, any time you have the verb: &quot;get&quot; in a lesson, you know you're in for a bit of a ride because there are so many different ways to use &quot;get&quot; in English.<br /><br />Today, we're looking at &quot;get&quot; when combined with the verb &quot;have&quot;. So let's look at a number of ways we can use &quot;have got&quot; in English.<br /><br />First of all, just so you know, &quot;have got&quot; can be used as an emphatic form of &quot;have to&quot; which we already use for obligation. So, the full expression is actually: &quot;Have got to&quot; which is the same meaning as: &quot;Have to&quot;, but it sounds a little more emphatic; it gives you a little more emphasis, a little more punch. So you could say: &quot;I have to see that movie. Like, oh my goodness, I have to.&quot; It's almost an obligation. If you want to make it sound stronger, you can say: &quot;I have got to... I've got to see that movie.&quot; And you can see here the construction is: &quot;Have got to&quot; and you always follow it with a base verb. Okay? So it's not: &quot;I have got to seeing&quot;. &quot;I've got to see&quot;, &quot;I've got to make&quot;, &quot;I've got to do&quot;, &quot;I've got to play&quot;. Okay? So, instead of just saying: &quot;Have to&quot; for obligation, you can also use: &quot;Have got to&quot; which just makes it stronger.<br /><br />Now, the thing about &quot;have got to&quot; is that there are no past or future forms for this. You cannot say: &quot;I had got to see that movie.&quot; You cannot say: &quot;I will have got to see that movie.&quot; You can only say, in the present: &quot;I have got to&quot;. If you want to speak about obligation in the past, you can simply use: &quot;Had to&quot;. Okay? So you can say: &quot;I had to call my mom.&quot;, &quot;I had to leave early.&quot; Not: &quot;I had got to leave early&quot; which doesn't make sense grammatically. Same with &quot;will&quot; or &quot;going to&quot; for the future, you can say: &quot;You will have to do something.&quot; Not: &quot;You will have got to.&quot; It sounds way too full in a native speaker's mouth. Sorry for that sentence; I don't know why I said that.<br /><br />Now, there's also really no negative form of: &quot;Have got to&quot;. You can't say: &quot;I don't have got to call my mother today.&quot; You can say: &quot;I don't have to&quot;. However, in slang, in speaking, we do say: &quot;Don't gotta&quot;. So: &quot;You don't gotta do that!&quot; Which basically means: &quot;You don't have to.&quot; So, again, the correct form is, you know: &quot;You don't&quot; - don't? - &quot;You don't have to do that.&quot; If you want to sound a little bit more I guess cool or hip, you can say: &quot;I don't gotta&quot;, &quot;She doesn't gotta&quot;, &quot;We don't gotta&quot;, which just means: &quot;We don't have to&quot;, &quot;I don't have to&quot;, &quot;She doesn't have to&quot;. Okay? It's not an obligation.<br /><br />Number two. &quot;Have got&quot; is also another form of the possessive: &quot;have&quot;. So you could say, you know: &quot;She has a big family.&quot;, &quot;She has a big family.&quot; However, you can also say: &quot;She has got a big family.&quot; Which has the exact same meaning. Okay? So you can say, you know: &quot;I have a computer.&quot; Or: &quot;I have got a computer.&quot;, &quot;I've got a smartphone.&quot;, &quot;I've got a nice camera.&quot;, &quot;I've got&quot;, whatever it is you possess. Okay?<br /><br />Now, finally, &quot;have got&quot;, or: &quot;had got&quot;, or: &quot;will have got&quot;. Well, first of all, those are the American forms because &quot;got&quot; is, you know, not really correctly formed in the American English. They use the term: &quot;got&quot;. The past participle is actually: &quot;gotten&quot;. Getting back to this though. You can use: &quot;Have gotten&quot; or &quot;have got&quot;, &quot;had gotten&quot; or &quot;had got&quot;, &quot;will have got&quot;, &quot;will have gotten&quot; in the present, past, and future perfect grammar forms.{% endraw %}
