---
title: "10 Ways to Appear More Charming Than You Feel!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/bPczWyxAqs4\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "bPczWyxAqs4"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["How to become charming","how to appear charming","what to do to make a man think about you"]
date: "2021-09-26T17:48:15+03:00"
vid_date: "2018-12-26T11:44:00Z"
duration: "PT3M23S"
viewcount: "140"
likeCount: "1"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "His Secret Obsession"
---
{% raw %}<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.happywithyourman.com/obsession">https://www.happywithyourman.com/obsession</a><br /><br />In this video, I will show you 10 ways how to appear more charming than you, actually, feel. So, let's get started.<br />Number 1. Let others influence your thoughts.<br />Let others influence your thoughts. For example, as you’re speaking to someone: &quot;Hmm, that's a good point. I never thought of looking at it that way.&quot; Even for the least consequential topics, people will like you more if they are able to convince you of something. And oddly enough, research shows they’ll think you are more intelligent if they can persuade you.<br />Number 2. Give people the impression that you like them<br />Give people the impression that you like them, even if you don’t know why. We instinctively like others when we sense they like us. <br />Number 3. Be a little more relaxed<br />Be a little more relaxed, candid, and personal than the social context calls for. We also instinctively like people who treat us like an old friend. Don’t try to act impressive. Instead, be like a comfortable old hat that fits just right. You’ll give other people the space to be relaxed, too.<br />Number 4. Practice finding things about other people to appreciate.<br />Practice finding things about other people to appreciate. Once you do find things to appreciate, express that appreciation as sincerely as you can. As if you simply had to say something because of how much you like or appreciate someone’s actions or qualities.<br />Number 5. Learn how to smile with your eyes<br />Practice in front of a mirror. The phrase, “sparkling eyes” is a cliché, but the more life and passion you can show through your eyes, the more charming you come across. It also makes your whole face look prettier and more inviting.<br />Number 6. Look for some common topics<br />During a conversation, look for common topics you both agree on. Get him nodding yes since he understands you and can relate to you. This makes it feel like you’re on the same team.<br />Number 7. Talk openly about your mistakes<br />Talk openly about your mistakes, as if it's perfectly natural to expect him to be kind, forgiving, and a person you can count on for some advice. You might want to sound more perfect than you really are, but that can give people the impression that you’re brittle and have standards that are too high. He’ll relate more to you if you show you’re human.<br />Number 8. Give them a good reputation<br />As Dale Carnegie says, “Give them a good reputation to live up to.” He will like the person you seem to believe he is, which makes you seem like the kind of person he wants to impress. Your belief in him strengthens his belief in himself.<br />Number 9. Choose a topic that make the other person happy<br />Become genuinely interested in the things that make the other person happy. Then get them talking about those things as much and as often as possible. Ask intelligent questions and seek to understand, not to respond.<br />Number 10. Discipline yourself to repeat tried and true methods<br />Stop trying so hard to be creative. You’ll get better results in relationships if you simply repeat what’s known to work over and over again. So, go back through this list and practice each item until it becomes automatic. Each day, choose just one concept to practice. Rotate through the list until you’ve ingrained the skills into your natural way of interacting with others.<br /><br />Thank you for watching this video. If you like this video, please press the like button below. Don’t forget to subscribe to our channel. I hope you got some valuable information. For more cool stuff click the link in the description. Thank you and I see you in the next video.<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.nosikiriki.nl/">https://www.nosikiriki.nl/</a><br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/bPczWyxAqs4">https://youtu.be/bPczWyxAqs4</a>{% endraw %}
