---
title: "Spice Girls - Wannabe (Lyrics)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/fw-QRyQcFH8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "fw-QRyQcFH8"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Wannabe","Wnb","Spice"]
date: "2021-10-26T21:51:54+03:00"
vid_date: "2009-11-07T16:38:30Z"
duration: "PT2M56S"
viewcount: "70134008"
likeCount: "474588"
dislikeCount: "12349"
channel: "99tomson"
---
{% raw %}I made this video in vegas pro 8 for practis. this is it.<br /><br />description lyrics:<br /><br />Yo, I'll tell you what I want,<br />what I really really want,<br />So tell me what you want,<br />what you really really want,<br />I'll tell you what I want,<br />what I really really want,<br />So tell me what you want,<br />what you really really want,<br />I wanna, I wanna, I wanna,<br />I wanna, I wanna really<br />really really wanna zigazig ha.<br /><br />If you want my future<br />forget my past,<br />If you wanna get with me better<br />make it fast,<br />Now don't go wasting my precious time,<br />Get your act<br />together we could be just fine<br /><br />I'll tell you what I want,<br />what I really really want,<br />So tell me what you want,<br />what you really really want,<br />I wanna, I wanna, I wanna,<br />I wanna, I wanna really<br />really really wanna zigazig ha.<br /><br />If you wanna be my lover,<br />you gotta get with my friends,<br />Make it last forever<br />friendship never ends,<br />If you wanna be my lover,<br />you have got to give,<br />Taking is too easy,<br />but that's the way it is.<br /><br />What do you think about that<br />now you know how I feel,<br />Say you can handle my love<br />are you for real,<br />I won't be hasty, I'll give you a try<br />If you really bug me then I'll say goodbye.<br /><br />Yo I'll tell you what I want,<br />what I really really want,<br />So tell me what you want,<br />what you really really want,<br />I wanna, I wanna, I wanna,<br />I wanna, I wanna really<br />really really wanna zigazig ha.<br /><br />If you wanna be my lover,<br />you gotta get with my friends,<br />Make it last forever<br />friendship never ends,<br />If you wanna be my lover,<br />you have got to give,<br />Taking is too easy,<br />but that's the way it is.<br /><br />So here's a story from A to Z,<br />you wanna get with me<br />you gotta listen carefully,<br />We got M in the place<br />who likes it in your face,<br />we got G like MC who likes it on an<br />Easy V doesn't come for free,<br />she's a real lady,<br />and as for me..ah you'll see,<br />Slam your body down and wind it all around<br />Slam your body down and wind it all around.<br /><br />If you wanna be my lover,<br />you gotta get with my friends,<br />Make it last forever<br />friendship never ends,<br />If you wanna be my lover,<br />you have got to give,<br />Taking is too easy,<br />but that's the way it is.<br /><br />If you wanna be my lover,<br />you gotta, you gotta, you gotta,<br />you gotta, you gotta,<br />slam, slam, slam, slam<br />Slam your body down and wind it all around.<br />Slam your body down and wind it all around.<br />Slam your body down and wind it all around.<br />Slam your body down zigazig ah<br /><br />If you wanna be my lover.{% endraw %}
