---
title: "Stage Presence for Singers | Tips for Performing on Stage"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/siIxRx0wXAU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "siIxRx0wXAU"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["beginner singing tips","how to sing","voice lessons"]
date: "2021-09-16T11:30:40+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-03-19T10:00:07Z"
duration: "PT15M25S"
viewcount: "69123"
likeCount: "3333"
dislikeCount: "29"
channel: "The Performing Voice"
---
{% raw %}Improve your singing performance on stage with these 7 stage presence tips for singers.   Learn how to get over feeling nervous when you sing by trying out some of these singing tips for beginners, which can also improve your performance if you're an experienced singer, too.  Here's what to do:<br /><br />1.  Film your singing performance and study the footage:  You can get better at singing on stage when you study your moves.  Figure out what's working, and use your imagination to try new things that could be added to your performance.  You might be surprised by what you're doing (or not doing) on stage when you sing.<br /><br />2.  Remember to have fun:  A big part of looking good on stage comes from actually having a good time when you perform.  If you feel nervous, remind yourself to have fun and enjoy yourself.  That will help you give an interesting and entertaining performance.<br /><br />3.  Take the microphone out of its stand:  If you use a microphone when you sing on stage, take it out of the stand.  If you leave it in the stand, you will be less likely to move around and express yourself.  It will make you look like you're hiding from the audience.  <br /><br />4.  Stand up straight with your shoulders back:  Good posture makes you look confident.  it will help you command attention.  (Good posture also helps ou sing better!)  <br /><br />5.  Acknowledge the audience:  Don't forget to say something to the audience.  Unless you're singing in musical theatre and you're not supposed to talk to the audience, you should acknowledge them somehow.  Talk to them.  Ask them how they're doing.  Say thank you when they applaud you.  Whatever you do, don't ignore them.  <br /><br />6.  Move your body:  Feel the beat of the music and move around.  Even if you don't like to dance, you can still do something to express yourself.  Don't be afraid to nod your head, step from side to side or put your hands in the air.  Get into it, and you'll look much more interesting on stage.<br /><br />7.  Smile:  A little goes a long way.  Smiling on stage is one of the simplest things you can do to connect with the audience.  it will help you relax so you can feel more comfortable on stage.  Smiling also invites the audience to pay attention to you, and it helps boost the energy of your performance.<br /><br />Want more tips?  Grab your free copy of The Singer's Guide to Superstar Confidence below:<br /><br /><br />*** Free Download: The Singer’s Guide to Superstar Confidence  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/2T9hI4q">https://bit.ly/2T9hI4q</a><br /><br />*** How to Sing With Confidence Video Series:  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/2TITjD9">https://bit.ly/2TITjD9</a><br /> <br /><br />*** Video Production:  HKL Films  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/user/hklfilms">https://www.youtube.com/user/hklfilms</a><br /><br />*** Instagram: @theperformingvoice<br />      Twitter:  @theperformingv1{% endraw %}
