---
title: "June plums (Ambarella) were not so sour, but my brother made them more sour & tangy | Traditional Me"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/gmfjJVhY5fo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "gmfjJVhY5fo"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["cooking","recipe","traditional"]
date: "2021-10-07T09:21:05+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-07-15T12:45:00Z"
duration: "PT27M30S"
viewcount: "1698886"
likeCount: "33442"
dislikeCount: "1267"
channel: "Traditional Me"
---
{% raw %}I still remember the good old school days, when we were kids, where the older and the senior brothers of our school, used to throw sticks at June plum (Ambarella) trees that were grown in other’s houses to pick the fruits and how they ate them. The tall June plum(Ambarella) trees was heavily laden with big June plums in every higher branch. They only got one shot from the sticks, the heavy bunches used to land on the ground. Not only June plums, but fruits such as mangoes, rose apples, lovi lovi, ceylon olives ,rambutan trees along their path never got a chance to escape their stick attacks. I still remember those senior school boys had a unique way of breaking June plums and mangoes by dashing them on tree barks on their stem side so the fruits get split into pieces. After this unique breaking, they didn’t eat the fruits alone but shared even the tiniest piece that they could among the lower grade's tiny trots to kids from the village privileged families who were in that group. I of course don’t mind tasting a piece of raw mango, but never fancied raw June plums. May be I didn’t like raw June plums, mainly because of eating the ripe and luscious fruits from the June plum tree which was in our elder Aunt’s garden.<br /><br />Along with the passing time, those trees got old as well. The garden got decorated with small June plum plants big enough to plant them in pots. Even though this June plum(Ambarella) tree look big , it’s not that old at all. That’s why the heavily laden branches can be still reached by our hands. On my way to pick June plums, I got my Brother also involved. Actually he was swinging on a tree creeper and the moment he came near the June plum tree he wanted to climb up the tree. I couldn’t help thinking how he is still like a small kid.<br /><br />After coming home, I made a June plum chutney by using lots of june plums but yet the end result was very small in quantity. Infact I was waiting for Brother to make a june plum chilli salad(Achcharu) but yet he made the salad only after two days. It was a deliciously tangy salad made out of june plums, mangoes and olives pickled in salt water. Brother surprised me by making a superb sour juice by using those 3 varieties of fruits and the secret of the superb taste is by adding correct quantities of salt and pepper. No one will be able to taste it at all if the quantities of the salt and pepper does not get balanced correctly. Yes true our brother is a good cook but yet it’s a pity that he always messes up the taste of this juice when adding salt and pepper. Either one of the ingredients will be high always. This time the juice was perfect and was delicious but later found out the secret, that grandmother was the one who had added salt and pepper this time.<br /><br />The June plum chutney became everyday accompaniment with our daily rice and curries. Suddenly I got an idea to make something different by using the chutney for evening tea time. First I roasted the papadams under low heat and spread the chutney and then made a refreshing salad by incorporating boiled corn, green peas, tomatoes, onion and curd. I spooned the curd salad in the middle of the chutney spreaded papadams and yes you can imagine who enjoyed them the most but my little brother dear. If I knew that he was also making the chilli salad at that time, I would have made this one on the next day.<br /><br />Love you All!<br />Nadee<br /><br />© All rights reserved<br />June plums (Ambarella) ware not so sour, but my brother made them more sour &amp; tangy <br /><br />*Turn CC on for subtitles<br /><br />乡村烹饪 cuisine de village गाँव का खाना बनाना cucina del villaggio طبخ القرية Dorfkochen 村の料理 dorp koken 마을 요리 pagluluto ng nayon деревенская кухня cozinha da vila ഗ്രാമീണ പാചകം cocina del pueblo গ্রাম রান্না vesnické vaření landsby madlavning ចម្អិនអាហារតាមភូមិ kylän ruoanlaitto गाउँ खाना पकाउने masakan desa கிராம சமையல் masakan kampung หมู่บ้านทำอาหาร gotowanie na wsi köy pişirme làng nấu ăn ရွာချက်ပြုတ် μαγειρική στο χωριό villa coctione<br /><br />Inspired by 李子柒 Liziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge<br /><br />Watch all my videos(playlist) - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gz7Dd......">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gz7Dd......</a><br />Music - Traditional Me © <br />FACEBOOK : <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.facebook.com/traditionalm...">https://www.facebook.com/traditionalm...</a><br /><br />#villagecooking​​​​​ #srilankanfood​​​​​ #traditionalme​​​​​ #village​​​​​ #villagelife​​​​​ #villagefood​​​​​ #nadee​​​​​ #countryfood​​​​​ #dessert​​​ #srilankancooking{% endraw %}
