---
title: "English Lesson # 131 – Predicament – Verb  (Learn English Conversation, Vocabulary & Phrases)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/hFh2CP8C958\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "hFh2CP8C958"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["learn English","English lesson","English lessons"]
date: "2021-11-21T11:16:39+03:00"
vid_date: "2015-08-01T08:34:32Z"
duration: "PT5M13S"
viewcount: "30046"
likeCount: "553"
dislikeCount: "8"
channel: "Daily Video Vocabulary (English Lessons)"
---
{% raw %}English Lesson # 131 – Predicament – Verb  (Learn English Conversation, Vocabulary &amp; Phrases)<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.learnex.in">http://www.learnex.in</a><br /><br />In this English lesson you will learn the word Predicament ( noun) – You will learn how to use this word in your daily English conversation, making you speak English fluently and confidently.<br /><br />Sometimes you find yourself in a very difficult situation, you feel lost and don’t know what to do at that moment.<br />The word ‘predicament’ basically means to be in an unpleasant or an embarrassing situation.It is a problematic and a complicated situation, and you  just don’t know what to do or how to react.<br />When you are in a predicament, you are in a troublesome or a trying situation and you can’t get out of it very easily, or at times you find yourself in a puzzled situation as you may have to make a choice between two things, neither being very good.<br /><br />For example, when students don’t follow their university rules of complying with the required attendance and submission of assignments within the given deadlines, they are in a predicament when strict action is taken against them.<br /><br />The word predicament is a noun.  As it talks about an unpleasant situation that is difficult to get out of.  <br /><br />Example sentences for conversation.<br /><br />Example 01 : Richa’s credit card debt has left her in a financial predicament.<br />Example 02 : The predicament of homeless people is something that needs urgent attention.<br />Example 03 : When Lisa’s boss yelled at her during the meeting, she was put in a predicament.<br />Example 04 : Her predicament of long working hours and looking after her child, has left Kelly feeling extremely burned out.<br />Example 05 : Catherine always finds herself in a predicament when she tries to sort out the daily arguments between her room mates.<br />Example 06 : When the teacher caught James cheat on his test, he was in a predicament as he was suspended from high the school.<br />Example 07 : The doctor told Richard, “ Your blood pressure his high, we can’t proceed with the eye surgery as it may land us in a predicament.”  <br />Example 08 : When John was bullied by a gangster at a bar, he was helpless and found himself in a predicament.<br />Example 09 : Due to his colleague’s absence, Harry is in a predicament as he has to multitask. <br />Example 10 : Jenny’s habit of waking up late puts her in a predicament as she is always late to work.<br /><br />We hope this English lesson has helped you learn a new idiom and how to use it in your conversation to become fluent in English conversation.{% endraw %}
