---
title: "Swindle - BLOW YA TRUMPET feat. Knucks, Ghetts, Akala & Kojey Radical (Official Audio)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/ie7r76prfvg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "ie7r76prfvg"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["swindle","swindle loyal","loyle carner"]
date: "2021-10-25T03:45:17+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-08-30T18:00:30Z"
duration: "PT4M4S"
viewcount: "79148"
likeCount: "2790"
dislikeCount: "28"
channel: "Swindle"
---
{% raw %}Official audio for BLOW YA TRUMPET by Swindle featuring Knucks, Ghetts, Akala &amp; Kojey Radical. The new album THE NEW WORLD is out October 29th, pre-order and pre-save now: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://swindle.lnk.to/thenewworldID">https://swindle.lnk.to/thenewworldID</a><br /><br />Stream BLOW YA TRUMPET now: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://swindle.lnk.to/blowyatrumpetID">https://swindle.lnk.to/blowyatrumpetID</a><br /><br />Lyrics:<br /><br />Verse: (Knucks) <br />They say no man is an island <br />But I left island <br />Had to do my ting <br />If I sense any sign in ya eye that ya trifflin  <br />It’s bye no fussing or fighting <br />Seen all they drops the same already  <br />Seen the bussdowns n chains already <br />Save ya drip made it rain already <br />Pissed off cos my cup couldn’t take more Henny  <br />Let’s discuss it  <br />Wanna tell lies to the public <br />Cool, if you like it I love it <br />But true I’m that guy in the function <br />Spit fire n leave shit alight like a bunsen  <br />Burner <br />Manna grill beef, you don’t want this burger <br />Money filthy, a disgusting earner <br />Word up <br />That’s ya luck it’s gone further <br />Do a man like klashnekoff, <br />It’s murder <br /> <br />Getting doe on the front end  <br />Can’t take man for a prick no thorn  <br />I don’t need no horns I blow my own trumpet <br />Thank road for the funding <br />Only bro knows how it’s rolled into hundreds <br />Lizzy gone rogue pink notes in abundance  <br />Did all my bicep curls n my lunges <br />True say you ain’t ya self when ya hungreh <br /> <br />Verse: (Ghetts) <br />Coldest <br />I don’t how you ain’t noticed <br />Without Ghetts, there ain’t no list <br />Your new shit’s like my old shit <br />Your old shit was just so shit <br />Hold it <br />Who wants smoke, I’ll roll it <br />Who wants rope, I’ll hold it <br />Let’s play hangman <br />How do I know you ain’t got no heart? <br />X-ray and scan <br />Them man haven’t been transparent <br />But I know the minerals they’ve got missing <br />Indirect often, indirect just bare subliminals they’ve got written <br />I don’t wanna play fill in the blanks <br />I’d rather play fill up the bank <br />Easy think of a plan <br />Meet me, pick up a shank. <br />BP fill up the tank <br /> <br />I was in the cold no comfort, <br />Grade 8s in music that’s why I can blow my own trumpet <br />I got news for the public,  <br />I got views for the pundits <br />I’m a sell out. I ain’t got room for a hundred <br />I can only look down on people who gossip <br />I stay 22 rumours above them <br />Fuck them! <br /> <br />Verse: (Akala) <br />When the beat it just drops <br />And you screwing your face <br />And you’re blowing your top <br />A shot no fighter can block <br />A weight nobody could spot <br />Beats we are burning 'em <br />London to Birmingham <br />Course you’d have heard of 'em <br />Fellers are shellers <br />We’re perming them, permanent <br />Jump on this plane, but just mind for the turbulence <br />Plane we observing on <br />So far above that it gets kinda burdensome <br />They are not ready for shell that we’re serving them <br />Food for your thought  <br />Now come swallow a murdering <br />Gurgling, <br />on your own blood, and it’s curdling <br />Your stomach is weaker than Worzel is <br />My word on it, I’m earning it <br />The scriptures I speak, they’re just learning it <br />Street shit. And deep shit <br />Like ancient Egypt and 3 clips <br />Like read this and take in your teachers <br />If he flips then break face of idiots <br />He’s quick to make pace coz he’s sick <br />And these pricks, they gave chase <br />But he slips <br />Not a day in your life <br />I tell you these grips, <br />Blud, they grip on the track better than V6 <br /> <br />And when I’ve written a rap <br />I tell you these dicks <br />They couldn’t buss if they gave em three chicks <br />A whole load of crumpet <br />No bro you don’t blow ya trumpet <br />I roll over dunces <br />I throw loads of punches <br />Dickheads are lunches <br /> <br />Verse: (Kojey) <br />Back Back gimme space, gimme <br />Got God got Jah with me. <br />Why the devil want war with me? <br />Why the devil wanna spar with me? <br />I, been around been around for a sec. <br />I, need TLC like Left Eye.  <br />When shit got peak, Man left I,  <br />Now my heart turn black like Wes Snipes. <br />Sniper, watch a man shed skin like viper. <br />Drop two two bars when I like her. <br />No coming back like Rikers. <br />All that drip but you’re not impressive. <br />Spark my thoughts, Pen my lessons. <br />Man can’t talk to much about blessings, <br />Them man there might think I'm flexing. <br /><br />#Swindle #BlowYaTrumpet #TheNewWorld #Akala #KojeyRadical #Knucks{% endraw %}
