---
title: "Fort Minor - \"Remember The Name\" (Lyric Video)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/bbPNVEB8O7E\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "bbPNVEB8O7E"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Lyric","Rememberthenamelyrics","Fort"]
date: "2021-10-09T05:28:01+03:00"
vid_date: "2011-06-24T16:57:53Z"
duration: "PT4M4S"
viewcount: "22451527"
likeCount: "250245"
dislikeCount: "6586"
channel: "Jackz"
---
{% raw %}I hope you all will enjoy this video, I love this song very much =]<br /><br />Lyrics:<br />[Mike] <br />You ready? Lets go! <br />Yeah, for those of you who want to know what we`re all about <br />It`s like this y`all (c`mon!) <br /><br />[Chorus] <br />This is ten percent luck, <br />Twenty percent skill, <br />Fifteen percent concentrated power of will, <br />Five percent pleasure, <br />Fifty percent pain, <br />And a hundred percent reason to remember the name! <br /><br />[Mike] <br />Mike <br />He doesn`t need his name up in lights <br />He just wants to be heard whether it`s the beat or the mic <br />He feels so unlike everybody else, alone <br />In spite of the fact that some people still think that they know him <br />But fuck em` <br />He knows the code: <br />It`s not about the salary <br />It`s about reality and making some noise <br />Makin' a story <br />Makin sure his clique stays up <br />That means when he puts it down, Tak`s pickin it up! <br />(Let`s go!) <br /><br />[Tak] <br />Who the hell is he anyway? <br />He never really talks much <br />Never concerned with status but still leavin them star struck <br />Humbled through opportunities given despite the fact <br />That many mis judge him because he makes a livin from writin raps <br />Put it together himself, now the picture connects <br />Never askin for someone`s help, and get some respect <br />He`s only focused on what he wrote, his will is beyond reach <br />And now when it all unfolds, the skill of an artist <br /><br />[Ryu] <br />This is twenty percent skill <br />Eighty percent fear<br />Be one hundred percent clear, 'cause Ryu is ill <br />Who would`ve thought that he`d be the one to set the west in flames <br />Then I heard him wreckin with The Crystal Method, &quot;The Name Of The Game&quot; <br />Came back dropped Megadef, took 'em to church <br />I like bleach man, Ryu had the stupidest verse <br />This dude is the truth, now everybody givin him guest spots <br />His stock`s through the roof I heard he fuckin with S-Dot! <br /><br />[Chorus] <br />It`s just ten percent luck, <br />Twenty percent skill, <br />Fiftteen percent concentrated power of will, <br />Five percent pleasure, <br />Fifty percent pain, <br />And a hundred perecnt reason to remember the name! <br /><br />[Ryu] <br />They call him Ryu he's sick <br />And he`s spittin' fire and Mike <br />Got him out the dryer he`s hot <br />Found him in Fort Minor with Tak <br />What a fuckin' nihilist porcupine <br />He`s a prick, he`s a cock <br />The type woman want to be with <br />And rappers hope he get shot <br />Eight years in the makin` <br />Patiently waitin to blow <br />Now the record with Shinoda`s takin over the globe <br />He`s got a partner in crime, his shit is equally dope <br />You wont believe the kind of shit that comes out of this kid`s throat <br /><br />[Tak] <br />Tak <br />He`s not your everyday on the block <br />He knows how to work with what he's got <br />Makin his way to the top <br />He often gets a comment on his name <br />People keep askin him, was it given at birth, <br />Or does it stand for an acronym? <br />No. He`s livin' proof, <br />Got him rockin the booth <br />He`ll get you buzzin quicker than a shot of vodka with juice (juice) <br />Him and his crew are known around as one of the best <br />Dedicated to what they do n give a hundred percent! <br /><br />[Mike] <br />Forget Mike <br />Nobody really knows how or why he works so hard <br />It seems like he`s never got time <br />Because he writes every note, and he writes every line <br />And I`ve seen him at work when that light goes on in his mind <br />It`s like a design is written in his head every time <br />Before he even touches a key or speaks in a rhyme <br />And those motherfuckers he runs with the kids that he signed? <br />Ridiculous, without even trying, how do they do it?! <br /><br />[Chorus] <br />This is ten percent luck, <br />Twenty percent skill, <br />Fifteen percent concentrated power of will, <br />Five percent pleasure, <br />Fifty percent pain, <br />And a hundred percent reason to remember the name! <br /><br />This is ten percent luck, <br />Twenty percent skill, <br />Fifteen percent concentrated power of will, <br />Five percent pleasure, <br />Fifty percent pain, <br />And a hundred percent reason to remember the name! <br /><br />[Outro - Mike] <br />Yeah! Fort Minor! <br />M. Shinoda, Styles of Beyond! <br />Ryu, Takbir! <br />Machine Shop!<br /><br />****I own nothing, no copyright infringement intended****{% endraw %}
