---
title: "9 TURN Phrasal Verbs: turn on, turn off, turn over, turn around, turn out..."
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/QnBRR6teQUc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "QnBRR6teQUc"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["ESL","Learn English","grammar"]
date: "2021-11-26T16:41:11+03:00"
vid_date: "2014-01-18T01:01:52Z"
duration: "PT6M51S"
viewcount: "539971"
likeCount: "10183"
dislikeCount: "118"
channel: "Adam’s English Lessons · engVid"
---
{% raw %}<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.engvid.com">http://www.engvid.com</a> Learn nine phrasal verbs with the verb TURN. You've heard these phrases before but weren't sure what they meant. In this English lesson, learn phrases such as turn in, turn over, and turn out. Take a quiz on this lesson here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.engvid.com/turn-phrasal-verbs/">http://www.engvid.com/turn-phrasal-verbs/</a><br /><br />Hi again. Welcome back to www.engvid.com. I'm Adam. Today's lesson is phrasal verbs. Okay? We have phrasal verbs with the verb: &quot;turn&quot;. Again, remember: just like vocabulary, remember them, practice them, use them over and over again, you will remember them very well. And again, remember: phrasal verbs: usually or almost always more than one meaning. Okay? So keep that in mind.<br />Let's start with: &quot;turn on&quot;. So, of course, all of you have some sort of electronic equipment at home; you have appliances, you have stereos, you have lights. You want to &quot;turn on&quot; lights and then you want to &quot;turn off&quot;, dark. Okay? So that's the easy one. &quot;Turn on&quot;: put power to, as it were. Slang: to &quot;turn-on&quot; means to get someone excited. Okay? Or to create an interest in. So, if a woman is wearing like a nice summer dress with like really thin straps, and like very loose, it's a turn-on for a lot of guys. Here, I'm using it as a noun, a &quot;turn-on&quot;. That woman knows how to turn on men. Men can turn on women in other ways, hopefully not with a summer dress at the same time. Okay? It's slang. Be careful with it. Something turns you on, it gets you excited. But you can also turn on... a teacher, hopefully, will turn his students on to the subject that he's teaching or she's teaching. If you want your student to study history, you have to turn them on to it; make them interested, make them excited about it. <br />&quot;Turn off&quot;, again, the opposite. &quot;Turnoff&quot;, notice here: hyphen, here: no hyphen for the nouns. But to turn off means to make someone lose interest or to disgust someone, to make someone go: &quot;Ulgh, no I don't want any of that.&quot; Lose all interest, lose all excitement, not be able to do anything. It's a turnoff, so something turns you off, like a bad smell will turn you off in pretty much any situation. <br />Okay, &quot;turn up&quot;. Now, if you have a stereo, you want to &quot;turn up&quot; the volume, make it louder. Okay? The opposite will be &quot;turn down&quot;. I didn't write it here, but &quot;turn down&quot;: lower, &quot;turn up&quot;: raise the volume. But &quot;turn up&quot; can also mean to discover. Okay? So, I was reading through the book, I was doing some research and an interesting piece of information turned up, something I wasn't expecting. Okay? But &quot;turn up&quot; also means to appear. I invited a lot of people to my party, but twice as many turned up, means appeared, they came. Interesting. <br />&quot;Turn over&quot;: again the physical, you turn something over like if you're cooking a steak; cook it on one side for two minutes, turn it over, cook the other side for a couple of minutes, so flip. But &quot;turnover&quot; in terms of like business, if you have a restaurant, you want to turn over your tables as many times as you can, means you want to rotate their use. So somebody comes in, they eat, you clean... They leave, you clean up, you get the next person. So this table has a good turnover. Okay? You can use it more than one time; it's like rotating the cycle of its use. Then we talk about &quot;turnover&quot;. A good restaurant must have a high &quot;turnover&quot;. If it doesn't, then it must have very expensive menu prices or menu items or it will go out of business. McDonald's, for example, has huge turnover. That's why they make so much money; always busy. <br />&quot;Turn around&quot;: sorry to show my back to you, but I turned around and now I turned around again to face you. Okay? So that's again, the physical, so the physical turn around. But &quot;turn around&quot; can also just mean change. So last week, my boss agreed to give me a raise, but this week he turned around and decided not to; he changed his mind. Okay.<br />&quot;Turn in&quot;: so when your teacher gives you a test, you write the test, at the end of the class you have to turn it in; submit. Sometimes we say &quot;hand in&quot;, it's the same thing. You can also &quot;turn in&quot; a criminal to the police. So you know that this person did something bad, you call the police, say: &quot;Yeah, he did it.&quot; So you turn him or her in to the police. Now, also used in slang - and don't ask me why because I don't know -, &quot;turn in&quot; also means go to sleep. Okay? &quot;Oh, I'm tired. I think I'll turn in. Goodnight.&quot; Go to sleep, turn in.{% endraw %}
