---
title: "Cynthia Erivo - The Good (Official Video)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/m02WfqvOdW8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "m02WfqvOdW8"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Cynthia","Erivo","The"]
date: "2021-09-17T10:43:32+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-06-04T15:00:10Z"
duration: "PT3M45S"
viewcount: "264384"
likeCount: "14124"
dislikeCount: "123"
channel: "CynthiaErivoVEVO"
---
{% raw %}Watch the official video for &quot;The Good&quot;, from Cynthia Erivo's upcoming album 'Ch. 1 Vs. 1'<br />Listen to &quot;The Good&quot;: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://cynthiaerivo.lnk.to/ch1vs1ID">http://cynthiaerivo.lnk.to/ch1vs1ID</a>   <br />Follow Cynthia everywhere: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://linktr.ee/cynthiaerivo">https://linktr.ee/cynthiaerivo</a> <br />   <br />By way of a 12-track journey into her mental and emotional landscape – one marked by heartbreak and sadness, but also triumph and growth – ‘Ch. 1 Vs. 1’ is a record of what one writer calls “the unfolding of a self,” of what it means to do away with the pretense and masks we often wear as a means of survival. It’s eclectic, but not in a nice-nasty way “eclectic” is often used to convey displeasure. Rather, it’s the perfect soundtrack to a still-unfolding talent ready to be seen in her fullness, beyond the stage and screen and high fashion red carpet gowns and extravagant nail art. “Just as me, Cynthia,” she says. <br />   <br />#CynthiaErivo #TheGood #MusicVideo<br />  <br />Lyrics:<br />Gone is the way we used to smile my dear <br />Hope doesn’t spring from anywhere <br />Watching the world forget to breathe <br />Wish we could stop and feel the breeze <br />But I know there’s no point in waiting for what I can’t see<br />  <br />Holding my chest as all my tears fall out <br />My mind’s in a spin as all the pain pours down <br />What can I do to make these days go by <br />I haven’t the strength to make the rainfall die <br />  <br />Just wanna remember the good <br />Good good good good <br />Just wanna remember the good <br />Good good good good <br />What can I do to make these days go by <br />When darkness surrounds me but I see the light <br />Just wanna remember the good <br />  <br />Gone are the lies we used to tell ourselves <br />There’s only so long we can live a fairy tale <br />Innocent children stolen youth <br />It’s all fun and games until you lose <br />I know there’s no growing up if you can’t face the truth <br />  <br />Holding my chest as all my tears fall out <br />My mind’s in a spin as all the pain pours down <br />What can I do to make these days go by <br />I haven’t the strength to make the rainfall die <br />  <br />Just wanna remember the good <br />Good good good good <br />Just wanna remember the good <br />Good good good good <br />What can I do to make these days go by <br />When darkness surrounds me but I see the light <br />Just wanna remember the good <br />  <br />Just wanna remember the good <br />Good good good good <br />Just wanna remember the good <br />Good good good good <br />What can I do to make these days go by <br />When darkness surrounds me but I see the light <br />Just wanna remember the good <br />  <br />Video Credits:<br />Director -  Mollie Mills <br />Producer -  Kwele Serrell<br />Producer -  Magda Czmuda<br />PM/Co-Producer - Para Katarzyna<br />Executive Producer - Jennifer Heath / RadicalMedia<br />Commissioner -  Liz Hart / Verve Label Group <br />  <br />Cinematographer - Daisy Zhou<br />Production Designer -Cameo Litz<br />Art Director - Joe Brunelle<br />1st AD - Myeka Williams<br />2nd AD - Tyquan Givens<br />1st AC -  Riley Keaton<br />2nd AC -    Dan Muchnick<br />Gaffer -  Ant Boyd<br />Best Boy -  Adam Dinhhian<br />Key Grip -  Greg Grene<br />Grip - Myles Channing<br />Grip -  Dhawn Davidson<br />  <br />Cynthia Costumer-  Jason Bolden<br />Wardrobe Asst. - John Mumbio<br />Cynthia Hair - Coree Moreno<br />Cynthia Make Up -  Terell Mullin<br />MU asst. Ashanti Mozelle<br />Key Costumer - Jemma Fong<br />Wardrobe Asst. J osue Rivera<br />Key MU/Hair - Jazzmin Oddie<br />  <br />Location Assistant - Dan Lachman<br />CCO Jaden Osborne<br />CCO Ray Pierce<br />CC Asst. CheaLuna Wright Ochoa<br />Production Asst. Alexandra Ochoa<br />Production Asst. Cameron Sonsini<br />Production Asst. Jose Ambriz<br />  <br />Editor -  Alyssa Oh / Rock Paper Scissors<br />Producer -  Whit Johnson /Rock Paper Scissors<br />Colorist -  Dante Pasquinelli<br />  <br />Actor: Suriya<br />Production Company: RadicalMedia<br /><br />Music video by Cynthia Erivo performing The Good. A Verve Records release; © 2021 UMG Recordings, Inc.<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://vevo.ly/K6Zvl0">http://vevo.ly/K6Zvl0</a>{% endraw %}
