---
title: "Dax - \"Dear God\" (Official Music Video)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/nzCIeNhw8oE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "nzCIeNhw8oE"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Dax","dear god","dax dear god"]
date: "2021-09-21T14:11:48+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-10-10T21:04:12Z"
duration: "PT3M51S"
viewcount: "39495634"
likeCount: "1107477"
dislikeCount: "41628"
channel: "Dax"
---
{% raw %}Do you believe in God? <br />Share &quot;Dear God&quot; with someone you know and let's talk. Thank you.<br /><br />Click here to listen:   <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://dax.lnk.to/DearGodFA">https://dax.lnk.to/DearGodFA</a><br /><br /><br />Follow DAX: @thatsdax<br />Shot by: Moses Isreal<br />Produced by: Encore Beats<br /><br />#DearGod #religion #church #christianity #Catholic  #itsdax #politics<br /><br /><br />LYRICS:<br /><br />Intro:<br />I just want to make this clear<br />I am a believer<br />But Sometimes it gets hard<br />My name is Dax<br /><br />Dear god<br />There’s a lot of questions that I have about the past<br />And I don’t want hear it from a human you made so you’re the last person that I’m ever going to ask<br />Tell me what’s real<br />Tell me what’s fake<br />Why is everything on about you a debate?<br />What’s the point of love?<br />Every time I’ve showed it I was broken and it’s forced me just to only want to hate<br />Why’s there only one you but multiple religions?<br />Why does ever conversation end in a division?<br />Why does everybody want to tell us how to live but they won’t listen to the same damn message that they giving?<br />Tel me how to feel<br />Tell me what’s wrong<br />I tried to call, pick up the phone<br />I’m on my own<br />Everybody says you’re coming back then man why the hells it taking so long?<br />Why do I hurt?<br />Why is there pain?<br />Why does everything good always have to change?<br />Why does everybody try to profit off another mans work then destroy it just for monetary gain?<br /><br />Tell me are you black or are you white?<br />I don’t even really care I just really want to know what’s right<br />They been saying one thing but I’ve been looking in the book and it seems like they’ve been lying for my whole damn life.<br /><br />Tell me where I’m going<br />is it heaven or hell?<br />I just hope this message greats you well<br />I had a dream that I was walking with the devil I don’t remember how it feels but I swear that I remember the smell<br />looked me right into my eyes and told me Everything I wanted could be mine if I gave up and decided to sell but I said I’d rather die then get mine now I’m here no fear one man with a story to tell<br /><br />Dear god where were you when I needed it?<br />When I fucked up and repeated it?<br />When they set the bar and I exceeded it? My life is like a book that they’ve judging by a cover but have took the time to fucking read the shit,<br />I remember telling you my goals and my dreams but you didn’t even answer so I guess you didn’t believe it,<br />I remember sitting with a gun to my head trying to ask you for some help but I guess you didn’t believe in it!<br /><br />I don’t want religion I need that spirituality I don’t want a church I need people to call a family,<br />I don’t want tell my sins to another sinner just because he’s got a robe and he went to some academy<br />I dont wanna read it in book I wanna hear it from you<br />don’t want learn it in a school because they’re hiding the truth<br />don’t want to talk about it with another fucking human and that only reason that I even stepped in the booth<br /><br />Dear god,<br />How do I take this darkness and turn it into light?<br />How do believe in concept where I speak to A man I’ve never seen with my own two eyes?<br />How do I know that religion wasn’t made just the separate the world and create a whole disguise just to keep us in these chains while the rich get richer and poor pray to you and perpetuate a lie?<br />How do I know this Eint some big joke?<br />How can have Faith when there is no Hope?<br />How the hell does one man have 100 billion dollars and we still have people on the street dat are broke?<br />Theres a lot of things I wanna talk about and get off my chest<br />I can’t sleep cause the devil won’t let me rest<br />I used to know a fucking pastor in a church and I can still hear the screams of the kids he would fucking molest<br /><br />Dear god<br />Do you hear me?<br />I’m supposed to fear you but you ain’t said shit so maybe you who actually fears me ?<br />I don’t know the answer I just want to see it clearly so many lies there’s a 1000 different theories<br />All I want to know is who really made religion because I know it wasn’t you but don’t nobody believes me<br /><br />No more lies<br />no more death<br />bring back King <br />bring back X please dear God let their souls rest protect who’s left and watch their steps<br />Dear God<br />I don’t want to have to ask you again all I hope is that you know that I’m still a believer so I’ll end this all by saying AMEN.{% endraw %}
