---
title: "A Very Potter Musical Act 1 Part 1"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/wmwM_AKeMCk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "wmwM_AKeMCk"
categories: "Comedy"
tags: ["Harry Potter","musical","funny"]
date: "2021-09-09T10:00:44+03:00"
vid_date: "2009-07-05T11:12:52Z"
duration: "PT4M44S"
viewcount: "17829924"
likeCount: "154150"
dislikeCount: "2018"
channel: "Team StarKid"
---
{% raw %}Get ready for a musical adventure as Harry and his pals go back to school for another year of learning shenanigans! Only this year their wizarding world gets turned on its head when the Dark Lord comes back from the dead to take his revenge on The Boy Who Lived. <br /><br /><br /><br />&quot;A Very Potter Musical&quot; is an unofficial, fan-made, parody show.<br /><br /><br /><br />&quot;Goin' Back To Hogwarts&quot; Lyrics (by Darren Criss):<br /><br /><br /><br />HARRY:<br /><br />Underneath these stairs<br /><br />I hear the sneers and feel glares of<br /><br />my cousin, my uncle and my aunt.<br /><br /><br /><br />Can't believe how cruel they are<br /><br />and it stings my lighting scar<br /><br />to know that they'll never ever give me what I want.<br /><br /><br /><br />I know I don't deserve these<br /><br />stupid rules made by the Dursleys<br /><br />here on Privet drive.<br /><br /><br /><br />Can't take all of these muggles,<br /><br />but despite all of my struggles,<br /><br />I'm still alive.<br /><br /><br /><br />Im sick of summer and this waiting around.<br /><br />Man, its September, and Im skipping this town<br /><br />Hey Its no mystery, theres nothing here for me now<br /><br /><br /><br />I gotta get back to Hogwarts,<br /><br />I gotta get back to school.<br /><br />Gotta get myself to Hogwarts,<br /><br />where everybody knows I'm cool.<br /><br /><br /><br />Back to wizards and witches, and magical beasts,<br /><br />to goblins and ghosts and to magical feasts.<br /><br />Its all that I love, and it's all that I need.<br /><br />HOGWARTS, HOGWARTS, I think I'm going back---<br /><br /><br /><br />I'll see my friends, gonna laugh 'til we cry<br /><br />take my Firebolt, gonna take to the sky<br /><br />NO WAY this year anyone's gonna die, and it's gonna be totally awesome<br /><br /><br /><br />I'll cast some spells, with a flick of my wand<br /><br />defeat the dark arts, yeah bring it on!<br /><br />and do it all with my best friend ron, 'cuz together we're totally awesome<br /><br /><br /><br />RON: yeah, and it's gonna be totally awesome!<br /><br /><br /><br />Dialogue <br /><br /><br /><br />RON: <br /><br />It's been so long, but we're going back<br /><br />don't go for work, don't go there for class<br /><br /><br /><br />HARRY:<br /><br />As long as were together--<br /><br /><br /><br />RON:<br /><br />-- gonna kick some ass<br /><br /><br /><br />HARRY &amp; RON:<br /><br />... and its gonna be totally awesome!<br /><br />This year we'll take everybody by storm,<br /><br />stay up all night, sneak out of our dorm<br /><br /><br /><br />HERMIONE:<br /><br />but let's not forget that we need to perform well in class<br /><br />if we want to pass our OWLS!<br /><br /><br /><br />Dialogue <br /><br /><br /><br />HERMIONE: <br /><br />I may be frumpy, but I'm super smart<br /><br />check out my grades, they're &quot;A's&quot; for a start<br /><br />what I lack in looks well I make up in heart, <br /><br />and well guys, yeah, that's totally awesome<br /><br /><br /><br />this year I plan to study a lot...<br /><br /><br /><br />RON:<br /><br />that would be cool if you were actually hot<br /><br /><br /><br />HARRY:<br /><br />hey Ron, come on, we're the only friends that she's got!<br /><br /><br /><br />RON:<br /><br />and that's cool...<br /><br /><br /><br />HERMIONE:<br /><br />... and that's totally awesome<br /><br /><br /><br />HARRY, RON, HERMIONE:<br /><br />yeah it's so cool, and it's totally awesome!<br /><br /><br /><br />we're sick of summer and this waiting around<br /><br />it's like we're sitting in the lost and found<br /><br />don't take no sorcery<br /><br />for anyone to see how...<br /><br /><br /><br />we gotta get back to hogwarts<br /><br />we gotta get back to school<br /><br />we gotta get back to hogwarts<br /><br />where everything is magic-cooooool<br /><br /><br /><br />EVERYONE:<br /><br />back to wizards and witches, and magical beasts<br /><br />to goblins and ghosts and to magical feasts<br /><br />it's all that I love, and it's all that I need at<br /><br />HOGWARTS, HOGWARTS<br /><br /><br /><br />HARRY, RON, HERMIONE:<br /><br />--- I think we're going back...{% endraw %}
