---
title: "How to enlarge an existing hole saw hole"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/li8lfL2cBY8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "li8lfL2cBY8"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["hole saw","holesaw","circular holes"]
date: "2021-10-22T16:07:26+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-06-25T07:43:20Z"
duration: "PT7M2S"
viewcount: "2340"
likeCount: "55"
dislikeCount: "1"
channel: "AnnMatt Erasmus"
---
{% raw %}This video tutorial shows the 3 best methods to enlarge an existing hole saw hole.<br />A while ago I did a video tutorial on how to install a new downlight and enlarge the existing downlight hole with a specially made jig. Today I will revisit that that method and show you 2 other methods of enlarging existing hole saw holes. The problem with trying to enlarge a holesaw hole is that there is no longer a guide to keep the hole saw centralised and true because the central drill bit or arbor is no longer able to engage the material being drilled so it tends to wobble and the resulting hole is therefore not neat or circular.<br />Method: 1. Use a jig to central hole saw central drill bit. For this method you don’t need to have the original hole saw size available. So this method is useful when you do not have a hole saw of the original size. <br />Method: 2. Mount the original (smaller) hole saw inside the new hole saw on the same arbor, if you have enough thread. If you don’t have enough thread then will need to use a bolt of the same thread as the hole saws, bolt them together and grip the other end of the bolt in the drill chuck.<br />Method: 3. Again you will need access to the original hole saw size for this method. Cut a circular wooden block with the original hole saw and mount it with spacers on the new (larger) hole saw’s central guide drill. The wooden circle will not fit snugly in the original hole saw’s hole because of the thickness of cut the hole saw. This can be corrected with a bit of insulation tape wound around the circumference, remember to wind it in the direction opposite to the drill motion (anticlockwise) so that the end of the tape does not lift and unwind when you are drilling.<br />Here are some key moments in the video:<br />00:00 Beginning<br />00:23 The problem faced when enlarging a hole saw hole.<br />01:00 Description of hole saw enlargement method #1<br />01:33 How the jig for enlarging a hole saw hole works<br />02:31 Description of hole saw enlargement method #2<br />03:27 Description of hole saw enlargement method #3<br />05:29 Demonstration of hole saw enlargement method #1<br />06:00 Demonstration of hole saw enlargement method #2<br />06:27 Demonstration of hole saw enlargement method #3<br />06:43  If you found this useful please like, share and subscribe. Comments are most welcome.<br /><br /><br />The blog article can be accessed here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://basiclowdown.com/how-to-enlarge-an-existing-hole-saw-hole/">https://basiclowdown.com/how-to-enlarge-an-existing-hole-saw-hole/</a><br />Comments are most welcome, if you decide to try this please send us some feedback☺️ Why not visit our channel and browse through our other videos? <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.youtube.com/c/AnnErasmus">http://www.youtube.com/c/AnnErasmus</a><br /><br />Short Disclaimer/disclosure: My videos/articles are for informational and educational purposes only, you should consult with a professional before attempting anything seen or done in my videos/articles. Please read full disclaimer here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://basiclowdown.com/disclaimer-disclosure-page/">http://basiclowdown.com/disclaimer-disclosure-page/</a>{% endraw %}
