---
title: "What is CONCEPT? What does CONCEPT mean? CONCEPT meaning, definition & explanation"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Hdk-8BC86A8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Hdk-8BC86A8"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["dictionary","english dictionary","online dictionary"]
date: "2021-10-30T12:02:41+03:00"
vid_date: "2017-02-22T12:30:00Z"
duration: "PT4M36S"
viewcount: "111536"
likeCount: ""
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "The Audiopedia"
---
{% raw %}✪✪✪✪✪  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.theaudiopedia.com">http://www.theaudiopedia.com</a> ✪✪✪✪✪<br /><br />✪✪✪✪✪  The Audiopedia Android application, INSTALL NOW - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wTheAudiopedia_8069473">https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wTheAudiopedia_8069473</a>  ✪✪✪✪✪<br /><br />What is CONCEPT? What does CONCEPT mean? CONCEPT meaning - CONCEPT pronunciation - CONCEPT definition - CONCEPT explanation - How to pronounce CONCEPT?<br /><br />Source: Wikipedia.org article, adapted under <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/">https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/</a> license.<br /><br />A concept is an abstract idea representing the fundamental characteristics of what it represents. Concepts arise as abstractions or generalisations from experience or the result of a transformation of existing ideas. The concept is instantiated (reified) by all of its actual or potential instances, whether these are things in the real world or other ideas. Concepts are treated in many if not most disciplines both explicitly, such as in linguistics, psychology, philosophy, etc., and implicitly, such as in mathematics, physics, etc. In informal use the word concept often just means any idea, but formally it involves the abstraction component. These concepts are then stored in long term memory <br /><br />In metaphysics, and especially ontology, a concept is a fundamental category of existence. In contemporary philosophy, there are at least three prevailing ways to understand what a concept is:<br /><br />There are hierarchical organizations of concepts and they are at the top, superordinate, the middle basic level categories, and at the bottom, subordinate categories Eysenck. M. W., (2012) Fundamentals of Cognition (2nd) Psychology Taylor &amp; Francis. It would go furniture, chair, and easy chair.<br /><br />1. Concepts as mental representations, where concepts are entities that exist in the brain (mental objects);<br />2. Concepts as abilities, where concepts are abilities peculiar to cognitive agents (mental states);<br /><br />Concepts as Fregean senses, where concepts are abstract objects, as opposed to mental objects and mental states.<br /><br />The term &quot;concept&quot; is traced back to 1554–60 (Latin conceptum – &quot;something conceived&quot;), but what is today termed &quot;the classical theory of concepts&quot; is the theory of Aristotle on the definition of terms. The meaning of &quot;concept&quot; is explored in mainstream information science, cognitive science, metaphysics, and philosophy of mind. In computer and information science contexts, especially, the term 'concept' is often used in unclear or inconsistent ways.<br /><br />In a platonist theory of mind, concepts are construed as abstract objects. This debate concerns the ontological status of concepts – what they are really like.<br /><br />There is debate as to the relationship between concepts and natural language. However, it is necessary at least to begin by understanding that the concept &quot;dog&quot; is philosophically distinct from the things in the world grouped by this concept – or the reference class or extension. Concepts that can be equated to a single word are called &quot;lexical concepts&quot;.<br /><br />Study of concepts and conceptual structure falls into the disciplines of linguistics, philosophy, psychology, and cognitive science.<br /><br />In the simplest terms, a concept is a name or label that regards or treats an abstraction as if it had concrete or material existence, such as a person, a place, or a thing. It may represent a natural object that exists in the real world like a tree, an animal, a stone, etc. It may also name an artificial (man-made) object like a chair, computer, house, etc. Abstract ideas and knowledge domains such as freedom, equality, science, happiness, etc., are also symbolized by concepts. It is important to realize that a concept is merely a symbol, a representation of the abstraction. The word is not to be mistaken for the thing. For example, the word &quot;moon&quot; (a concept) is not the large, bright, shape-changing object up in the sky, but only represents that celestial object. Concepts are created (named) to describe, explain and capture reality as it is known and understood.{% endraw %}
