---
title: "23 Phrasal Verbs with COME: come across, come around, come up with..."
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/RyN4NcH7maQ\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "RyN4NcH7maQ"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["phrasal verbs","phrasals","come phrasal verbs"]
date: "2021-10-18T00:45:48+03:00"
vid_date: "2018-03-12T02:20:46Z"
duration: "PT12M45S"
viewcount: "511968"
likeCount: "18914"
dislikeCount: "185"
channel: "Adam’s English Lessons · engVid"
---
{% raw %}Have you ever come across some phrasal verbs that use the verb &quot;come&quot;? They are often used by native English speakers to express many different things, from disbelief to creating something or finding something. In this lesson, I will teach you 23 phrasal verbs that use &quot;come&quot;, like &quot;come across&quot;, &quot;come out&quot;, &quot;come in&quot;, and more. So come on. Let's start!<br /><br />Take the quiz: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.engvid.com/23-come-phrasal-verbs/">https://www.engvid.com/23-come-phrasal-verbs/</a><br /><br />TRANSCRIPT<br /><br />Hi. Welcome to www.engvid.com. I'm Adam. In today's lesson we're going to look at another phrasal verb using the verb &quot;come&quot;. Now, again, what are phrasals? Phrasals are a verb and a preposition that together can have many different meanings apart from the words themselves. Now, I know that there are many phrasal verbs with the verb &quot;come&quot;, but I've only chosen these to... These are the most common ones we're going to look at today. If there are other ones that are not on the list, by all means, please put them in the forum on www.engvid.com in the forum section if you want to talk about other ones, if you want to ask about other ones, but today we're going to concentrate on these ones here: &quot;come up with&quot; and &quot;come up against&quot;... Actually I should probably just put this here so there's no confusion. &quot;Come up with&quot;, &quot;come up against&quot;, &quot;come across&quot;, &quot;come around&quot;, &quot;come out&quot;, sometimes &quot;come out with&quot;, &quot;come apart&quot;, &quot;come on&quot;, &quot;come into&quot;, &quot;come over&quot;, and &quot;come in&quot;. So, let's get started.<br /><br />So: &quot;come up with&quot;. When you come up with something, means that you either produce it or that you think about it. Okay? So if you come up with a plan, for example, it means, like we had a problem in the office or in the business and we needed to fix it, and I asked all my staff to come up with a plan or come up with an idea, or come up with a solution to try to fix this. So, somebody came up with it, means that they thought about it. They used their imagination, they thought, thought, thought, and they came up with a plan. But you can also use it with other things, not just ideas. So, I have a project but I don't have enough money for this project, so I ask my friend to help me out, maybe talk to some of his wealthy friends, and maybe sell them on the idea. And to my surprise, he came up with the money, means he produced it or he found it. He was able to get this money. So: &quot;come up with&quot;, thought or actual thing, usually money we use it with. &quot;Come up with the money&quot;, and we would say &quot;the money&quot; more than &quot;a money&quot;, obviously. Okay?<br /><br />&quot;Come up against&quot;. So: &quot;come up against&quot; means you suddenly face an obstacle or you... Or a struggle, something... Some sort of problem, but usually it's an obstacle. Now, this could be physical. I'm walking along a hiking trail and suddenly there... Or it's not suddenly, but before a tree fell over and blocked the way. So I came up against this tree, and now I have to figure out how to get around or over it, etc. More commonly we talk about this in terms of abstract ideas. So, I am trying to run for President of my country and I thought: &quot;Okay, easy. Everybody loves me. I don't really have much competition.&quot; But suddenly the opposition party put in a candidate and I've... I have to come up against him. Basically I have to come up against a worthy opponent and now I have to fight, and I have to struggle to continue on where I'm going. So that's come up against something not good.<br /><br />&quot;Come across&quot;, again, there's the literal one, means come across something, so basically move. But again, I'm... Somebody is coming across to my side. But more commonly: &quot;to come across&quot; and we usually use it with &quot;as&quot;. If someone comes across as something else, it means he or she appears to be something that maybe he or she is not. Okay? So I met this person the other day, met him for the first time and he really came across as a friendly guy, but then later I found out that he's really not a very nice guy at all. He's a... I can't use the word here on the video, but there's another word for him that he actually is. So he came across as friendly, but in reality, not very friendly. Okay?<br /><br />&quot;Come around&quot; also has a few meanings. One, basically if I want to... Somebody is trying to change my opinion, or I want to change somebody else's opinion, okay? So I persuade this person to think that my position is better, and I convince, and I talk and I talk and I talk, and finally this person thinks: &quot;Yeah, you know what? Maybe you're right.&quot; So he came around, he came to my side of the argument. &quot;Come around&quot;-sorry-can also mean if you're passed out and somebody's trying to revive you, they give you some smelling salt or they throw water on your face, and you come around. &quot;Oh. Oh, where am I? Oh, okay, I know where I am.&quot; I came around, I regained consciousness, I regained my bearings. Okay, that's &quot;come around&quot;.{% endraw %}
