---
title: "The Belief | দি বিলিফ | Tutul Chowdhury | Bangla Short Film 2021| Bangla Natok | Humayun Ahmed Natok"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/6kfhpsBAh7c\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "6kfhpsBAh7c"
categories: "Film-Animation"
tags: ["The Belief","দি বিলিফ","Bangla New Short Flim 2021"]
date: "2021-11-05T06:00:48+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-07-20T13:00:04Z"
duration: "PT18M51S"
viewcount: "780"
likeCount: "52"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "MM Theater"
---
{% raw %}Presenting Bangla New Short Film 2021 &quot;The Belief | দি বিলিফ&quot; a very special Bangla Drama starring Tutul Chowdhury and many more. Direction by Tutul Chowdhury.<br /><br />Hope you will enjoy all of our Bengali Movies, Bangla Natoks, Short Films, Telefilms, Music Videos, Movie Songs, Drama Songs and many more exciting videos on MM Theater!<br /><br />Enjoy &amp; stay connected with us! 👇<br />► Subscribe Now: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://cutt.ly/ckj84KG">https://cutt.ly/ckj84KG</a><br /><br /><br />The Belief | দি বিলিফ |  Tutul Chowdhury | Bangla New Short Film 2021<br /><br />Natok : The Belief | দি বিলিফ<br />Category : Short Film<br />Story, Screenply &amp; Director : Tutul Chowdhury <br />Cast : Tutul Chowdhury, Mostafizur Rahman, Baidya Nath Saha, Fahmida Sharmeen, Manik, Mojibor Rahman Chowdhury, M.Z. Robin, Mahfuzur Rahman, Raz Razin, Rafsan Al Hasan, Akram Badsha, Faisal Tuhin, Rakibul, Arijit, Santa Paul, Siam, Ali Hossain, Masud and many more.<br />Chief Assistant Director : MD.Fazlul Haque<br />Assistant Director : Manik &amp; Baidya. <br />Director Of Photography : Shohag Shorif<br />Edit : Aslam Khan<br />Background Music : Prince AR<br />Sub Title : Minhaj Uddin<br />Make Up : Shujon Mahmud<br />Light : Bashir Uddin<br />Managment : Shabuz, Akram, Manik &amp; Ali Hossain. <br />Location : Rushda Studio, Khilgaon, Dhaka<br />Production : MM Theater<br /><br /> <br />#TutulChowdhury <br />#MMTheater <br /><br /><br />MM Theater YouTube channel is the complete package of unlimited entertainment. <br /><br /><br />If you wish to share this video. please embed the video link and share with your friends the original source. Thank you for watching our video. please subscribe to our channel and press the bell icon to be updated.<br />SUBSCRIBE 👉 <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://cutt.ly/ckj84KG">https://cutt.ly/ckj84KG</a><br /><br /><br />বিশেষ সতর্কীকরণ : এই চ্যানেলের কোন ভিডিও অনুমতি ছাড়া অন্য কোন চ্যানেলে আপলোড করা কপিরাইট আইনের লঙ্ঘন । আমাদের কোন ভিডিও অন্য কোন চ্যানেলে পাওয়া গেলে কপিরাইট নিয়ম অনুসারে ব্যবস্থা নেয়া হবে<br /><br />Note: If you wish to share this video, please embed the link and share the original source. Please avoid methods of copying or duplicating the content, and help us support anti-piracy measures in every possible way. Thank you!<br /><br /><br />*** ANTI-PIRACY WARNING ***<br />This content is Copyright to MM Theater. Any unauthorized reproduction, redistribution or re-upload is strictly prohibited from this material. Legal action will be taken against those who violate the copyright of the following material presented!<br /><br /><br />All rights reserved by MM Theater. This Visual and Audio Element is Copyrighted Content of MM Theater. Any Unauthorized Publishing is Strictly Prohibited.{% endraw %}
