---
title: "06 - John Frusciante - Every Person (Shadows Collide With People)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/5C-OTvJ4jyQ\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "5C-OTvJ4jyQ"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["John","Frusciante","Every"]
date: "2021-09-18T03:23:43+03:00"
vid_date: "2010-10-06T12:52:54Z"
duration: "PT2M44S"
viewcount: "313390"
likeCount: "2015"
dislikeCount: "23"
channel: "Oliver Berg"
---
{% raw %}John Frusciante - Every Person<br /><br />Album: Shadows Collide With People (2004)<br /><br /><br /><br />Shadows Collide with People is the fourth studio album by John Frusciante, released February 24, 2004. The album was written during the recording of By the Way, and is widely regarded as his most accessible work, featuring a mix of guitar-driven alternative rock, folk ballads, and electronica. Frusciante has stated that this was his most expensive album to date, costing around $150,000 to produce.<br /><br /><br /><br />Flea plays a double bass on &quot;The Slaughter&quot;, the closing track of the album. All tracks were written by John Frusciante and the majority of the vocal work is performed by him.<br /><br /><br /><br />Frusciante also made acoustic and demo versions of these tracks available to fans through his official site, now only a blog, as an alternative to the highly produced sound of the record. A promo version of the album was also made, with the tracks &quot;Omission&quot;, &quot;Song to Sing When I'm Lonely&quot;, and &quot;Failure 33 Object&quot;.<br /><br /><br /><br />The album reached number 191 on the Billboard 200 and #11 on Heatseekers.<br /><br /><br /><br />On the vinyl release of the album the words &quot;One step away&quot; were inscribed on side A, &quot;There's riddles in the shadows&quot; on side B, &quot;A hint of sadness&quot; on side C, and '&quot;What they least suspect is coming next&quot; on side D. All of these were hints to lyrics on John's next solo album The Will to Death.<br /><br /><br /><br />1. Carvel [4:14]<br /><br />2. Omission [4:34]<br /><br />3. Regret [2:58]<br /><br />4. Ricky [3:57]<br /><br />5. Second Walk [1:42]<br /><br />6. Every Person [2:38]<br /><br />7. -00Ghost27 [3:50]<br /><br />8. Wednesday's Song [3:31]<br /><br />9. This Cold [2:00]<br /><br />10. Failure33Object [2:55]<br /><br />11. Song To Sing When I'm Lonely [3:17]<br /><br />12. Time Goes Back [3:23]<br /><br />13. In Relief [3:36]<br /><br />14. Water [4:06]<br /><br />15. Cut-Out [3:34]<br /><br />16. Chances [1:50]<br /><br />17. 23 Go In To End [6:42]<br /><br />18. The Slaughter [3:52]<br /><br />19. Of Before [3:17] (Japanese bonus track)<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />Lyrics:<br /><br /><br /><br />You take me by the hand<br /><br />A hand's all I feel right now<br /><br />It's all I am<br /><br />It's all that I am<br /><br />You think that I'm a man<br /><br />I beg to differ<br /><br />For I am her as much as I'm me<br /><br />You know this moment in time (aaah)<br /><br />Is all my life<br /><br />Every day is each day that's past (aaah)<br /><br />Every person alive is everyone who's died, aaah<br /><br />A ship out in the distance<br /><br />Is here if I draw it<br /><br />Multiply time by letting it go by<br /><br />You paint a star (aaah)<br /><br />You give many years ago<br /><br />New life and it appreciates it<br /><br />You know this moment in time (aaah aaaah)<br /><br />Is all my life (yeah)<br /><br />Every day is each day that's past (aaah)<br /><br />Every person alive is everyone who's died, aaah<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />Credits:<br /><br /><br /><br />Release date: 23rd February 2004 in US, 24th February in the rest of the world, 3rd March in UK and 6th March in Japan<br /><br />Released: Worldwide<br /><br />Publisher: Warner Bros<br /><br />Duration: 1 hour, 4 minutes, 50 seconds<br /><br />Bonus track: &quot;Of Before&quot; available on the Japanese import of the CD<br /><br />John plays: Guitar, bass, synthesizer, drums and percussion<br /><br />Other musicians: Josh Klinghoffer plays the same instruments as John (they're listed together in the credits); Chad Smith plays drums and percussion, Omar Rodriguez plays slide guitar on &quot;Chances&quot; and &quot;23 go in to end&quot; Flea plays upright bass on &quot;The Slaughter&quot; and Charlie Clouser did orchestral programming on &quot;Regret&quot; and &quot;Chances&quot;<br /><br />Produced by: John Frusciante<br /><br />Engineered by: Jim Scott, Ryan Hewitt; &quot;23 go in to end&quot; and &quot;Failure33Object&quot; by Ethan Mates<br /><br />Mixed by: Jim Scott<br /><br />Assisted by: Chris Holmes, Jason Grossman, Chris Ohno<br /><br />Recorded/mixed at: Cello Studios, Hollywood, CA, USA<br /><br />Mastered by/where: Bernie Grundman/Bernie Grundman Mastering Hollywood, CA, USA<br /><br />Designed by: Richard Scane Goodheart<br /><br />Cover painting by: Rene Ricard<br /><br />Art direction by: John Frusciante<br /><br />Equipment by: Dave Lee<br /><br />Management: Q-Prime Inc.<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://invisible-movement.net/">http://invisible-movement.net/</a>{% endraw %}
