---
title: "Red & juicy Governor's plums! used them as a filling & for my Bro's secret cocktail | Traditional Me"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Xzg4WBxJWgs\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Xzg4WBxJWgs"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["cooking","recipe","traditional"]
date: "2021-09-12T10:38:23+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-08-22T12:30:36Z"
duration: "PT27M52S"
viewcount: "1317543"
likeCount: "26064"
dislikeCount: "1394"
channel: "Traditional Me"
---
{% raw %}A sweet, juicy &quot;cherry like&quot; delicious fruit, the Governor’s plum (Uguressa) has two harvest seasons per year. The ripe Governor’s plums (Ugurass) has a dark purple color or glistening maroon color, comes in season in February and August every year. This yummy fruit has an astringent quality inside, so how we eat this is by rolling the plum between our palms. Due to the warm pressure of the palms the plum splits from the middle and gives an unusual sweetness. The other reason to roll it is to get rid of the astringent taste as well. Various types of delicious tropical fruits becomes laden in plenty in the trees in the month of August in Sri Lanka. All are in for a yummy treat in the month of August with Durian, Mangosteen, Rambutan and Governor’s plums.<br /><br />The governor’s plum tree which is in our ancestral house’s garden is heavy with fruits all over in the branches. These fruits are a feast for birds as well where they peck every fruit in the higher branches. Village kids also rally round the tree to feast the fruits which are in the lower branches, because of this reason I thought of picking some fruits beforehand. Since it’s a month of bountiful fruits, I had lots of passion fruits at home. To make use of it, I made a jam together with governor’s plums and passion fruits. Then I made tea for the Brothers with whipped cream stuffed sesame balloons and jam to my brother and for the brother Lahiru as they were busy cleaning the pineapple field. The pineapple land belong to uncle Siriwardena. Since Both my Brother and uncle Siriwardena's son Brother Lahiru were cleaning the shrubs and grass, I made coffee instead of tea as it goes well with the snack I made. When I went there only I caught my Brother with an unacceptable deed of his.<br /><br />He started giving his excuses after confessing his action, only when he came home from the pineapple land where he got a piece of my mind there. “I didn’t use arrack to get drunk Sister but it was needed to get the proper taste of that cocktail. That’s why I mixed a bit of arrack into the juice” was his confession. I Couldn’t help smiling when think of their boyish ways as they had mixed both the red and the yellow melon juice together with crushed ginger, few mandarin from the garden and few governor's plums too. Final ingredient was a 1/4 bottle of left over Ceylon Arrack where uncle Siriwardena was using and without uncles knowledge as well. Our brother had asked Brother Lahiru to bring the bottle for this very unusual drink where both of them had enjoyed. Yes I admit that alcohol is been used to flavor some dishes and juices in the culinary world. In Sri Lanka, they use arrack to make some Ayurvedic medicine as well. Coconut arrack is a Sri Lankan speciality arrack that is been made by using fermented coconut water. Boys always will be boys when they get together with friends for few innocent fun. I never showed them a good face since they did this in secret for avoid getting caught. Both of them are still very nervous that I might tell their secret to our elders! Poor Brother!<br /><br />Love you All!<br />Nadee<br /><br />© All rights reserved<br />Cherry like Governor's plums! used them as a filling &amp; for my Bro's secret cocktail<br /><br />*Turn CC on for subtitles<br /><br />乡村烹饪 cuisine de village गाँव का खाना बनाना cucina del villaggio طبخ القرية Dorfkochen 村の料理 dorp koken 마을 요리 pagluluto ng nayon деревенская кухня cozinha da vila ഗ്രാമീണ പാചകം cocina del pueblo গ্রাম রান্না vesnické vaření landsby madlavning ចម្អិនអាហារតាមភូមិ kylän ruoanlaitto गाउँ खाना पकाउने masakan desa கிராம சமையல் masakan kampung หมู่บ้านทำอาหาร gotowanie na wsi köy pişirme làng nấu ăn ရွာချက်ပြုတ် μαγειρική στο χωριό villa coctione<br /><br />Inspired by 李子柒 Liziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge<br /><br />Watch all my videos(playlist) - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gz7Dd......">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gz7Dd......</a><br />Music - Traditional Me © <br />FACEBOOK : <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.facebook.com/traditionalm...">https://www.facebook.com/traditionalm...</a><br /><br />#villagecooking​​​​​ #srilankanfood​​​​​ #traditionalme​​​​​ #village​​​​​ #villagelife​​​​​ #villagefood​​​​​ #nadee​​​​​ #countryfood​​​​​ #dessert​​​ #srilankancooking{% endraw %}
