---
title: "10 Wild Animals That Can Kill an Elephant"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/oUSnqK3AMNg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "oUSnqK3AMNg"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["top","factfile","education"]
date: "2021-09-29T20:02:54+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-09-28T22:18:24Z"
duration: "PT10M29S"
viewcount: "8315"
likeCount: "792"
dislikeCount: "21"
channel: "FactFile"
---
{% raw %}10 Wild Animals That Can Kill an Elephant<br /><br /><br />If you're new, Subscribe! → <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://goo.gl/djmfuX">http://goo.gl/djmfuX</a><br /><br /><br /><br />Fact File is the #1 place for all your heart warming stories about amazing people that will inspire you everyday. Make sure to subscribe and never miss a single video!<br /><br /><br /><br />#viral #amazing #FactFile #animals<br /><br /><br />Elephants are the world's largest animals and are dangerous to anything that crosses their path. While they may seem undefeatable, some animals can humiliate and bring them to their knees. While this sounds strange, it is true. Meet these ten wild animals capable of killing an elephant!<br />10. Crocodiles<br />Given the size discrepancy, most scientists would beat their chest and swear that the crocodile does not stand a chance with an elephant. Hypothetically speaking, they may not be far from the truth as the elephant weighs much more than crocs. Crocodiles weigh about 2000 pounds and have been around for millions of years. It has a tough skin that protects them from attack from larger animals and has the most potent bite force of any animal. They are known to tear down large prey comprising wild beasts, gaur, and zebra.<br />On land, this animal has nothing on the elephant as it would have a hard time mounting any defense. However, it stands a better chance in water because it can maneuver better and attack the elephant. If there is a scuffle, it will bite the elephant on its trunk, making the giant weak. It would be almost impossible to achieve that bite on land because the elephant would be smart enough to trample on it. If you think elephants are the ultimate bullies, try luring them into the crocodile's den and see what happens next.<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CloSNd5GBDU">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CloSNd5GBDU</a><br />9. Lion<br />Lions are the king of the jungle, regardless of what you think. These apex predators have little to worry about when it comes to being preyed upon. They weigh as little over 500 pounds and reach 50mph while leaping at 36 feet high. They boast razor-sharp teeth capable of biting with a force of 650 pounds per inch. When it comes to a face-to-face confrontation with an elephant, the lion may not excel at it.<br />However, they stand a higher chance when they attack in packs. This is because they are pack hunters and rely on their numbers to take down prey. So sad, a single lion wouldn't make it alive if it went to challenge a behemoth like an elephant. Should there be a need for a lion to attack, it has to do it from the rear because coming from the front is dangerous. The elephant's tusk would certainly dismantle it in one strike. If the lion successfully gets to the elephant's rear, it can claw and bite it with the help of members of its pack, but if it is not careful, it may be trampled upon.<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4nG4JsAyKY">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4nG4JsAyKY</a><br />8. Tiger<br />A study conducted by government officials in Corbett National Park revealed that tigers are killing elephants, especially the young ones. After they kill, they gather to eat the massive meal. Before the study, wildlife experts believed that tigers hunted only smaller creatures while the bigger ones died from infighting and clashes. What is even more shocking is that of 21 elephants that died, 13 were killed by tigers.<br />Wildlife experts are shocked about the revelation, and had they not undertaken the study themselves; they would have doubted the authenticity of the research. He also attributed some of the deaths to infighting among various animal species. Tigers are dominating creatures with strong territorial instincts. They are clever and understand that taking down an elephant means a large quantity of food for them. Moreover, chasing an antelope or deer requires more speed and energy, but it is a walk in the park with elephants. However, tigers target mainly baby elephants because they don't move in herds compared to adults.<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9huI1ntQDbw">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9huI1ntQDbw</a><br />7. King cobra<br />The king cobra's venom can kill an elephant. These slithery creatures kill many animals, but since this information doesn't make the news often, we think it is impossible. The question is, why would a small snake like this carry a venom capable of killing a giant animal like an elephant? Blame it on nature! Nature has favored this animal with such a complex venom that comes in handy when bullies like elephants want to trample on them. You wouldn't blame the cobra for taking down large animals because if they don't, they become the victim.<br />The king cobra is extremely smaller than the elephant, and there is no sense in comparing them. Have you ever considered the chances that both animals would meet? They only see each other on rare occasions and are not that aggressive towards each other. The only problem is that elephants do not have resistance against their venom. Nature would have at least blessed their immunity so much that the king cobra's venom has nothing on them.{% endraw %}
