---
title: "3 TOP ASX Growth Stocks To Watch: November 2021 📈 (VUL, MNS, AZL)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/V1ZL2oiLp20\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "V1ZL2oiLp20"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["ASX","ASX Growth Stocks","ASX Investing"]
date: "2021-10-31T13:52:36+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-10-31T08:24:05Z"
duration: "PT16M27S"
viewcount: "576"
likeCount: "54"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "ASX Investor"
---
{% raw %}3 TOP ASX Growth Stocks for your watchlist in November 2021 are Vulcan Energy Resources (ASX: VUL), Magnis Energy (ASX: MNS) and Arizona Lithium (ASX: AZL). <br /><br />Today we unpack these 3 ASX Growth Stocks who are all positioned for an interesting November 2021 with the Lithium sector garnering significant interest for ASX investors with companies like Vulcan Energy Resources (VUL), Magnis Energy (MNS) and Arizona Lithium (AZL) driving attention. <br /><br />The following ASX Growth Stocks are featured in today’s episode as stocks to watch on the ASX for November 2021: <br /><br />- Vulcan Energy Resources (ASX: VUL) is developing the world’s first Zero Carbon Lithium project with Vulcan Energy’s Lithium resource in Germany. The VUL Lithium project is developing a geothermal brine Lithium project to help to facilitate the EU region’s transition towards Electric Vehicle’s (EV). <br /><br />- Magnis Energy (ASX: MNS) are developing an end-to-end supply chain for Lithium Ion Batteries. With Lithium-Ion Battery Cells a critical component of the EV adoption, Magnis Energy are aiming to become one of the world’s largest producers of Lithium-Ion Battery cells with their flagship iM3NY Lithium-Ion Battery Production Facility along with their Nachu Graphite project in Tanzania. <br /><br />- Arizona Lithium (ASX: AZL), formerly Hawkstone Mining (HWK) is focused on the exploration and development of the ‘Big Sandy’ Lithium project located in Arizona to feed into the U.S Lithium and EV Battery space. <br /><br />In today’s episode we unpack the growth stories behind each of the ASX Growth Stocks (VUL, MNS &amp; AZL) and discuss where Vulcan Energy Resources (ASX: VUL), Magnis Energy (ASX: MNS) and Arizona Lithium (ASX: AZL) may head with a big month of November 2021 up ahead for these ASX Growth Stocks with the ASX Lithium stocks exciting ASX investors. <br /><br />The following timestamps have been included to guide your viewing experience: <br />00:00 - Welcome<br />00:53 – Arizona Lithium (ASX: AZL)<br />06:01 – Magnis Energy (ASX: MNS)<br />10:22 – Vulcan Energy Resources (ASX: VUL)<br /><br />#Vulcan #ArizonaLithium #Magnis<br />-------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />✔️ Join the Community: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDpEIqJDyUZFM6FxjWZNgDg/join">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDpEIqJDyUZFM6FxjWZNgDg/join</a><br />Twitter: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/ASXInvest">https://twitter.com/ASXInvest</a><br />Discord Link: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://discord.gg/D8HDNf6VUW">https://discord.gg/D8HDNf6VUW</a><br />-------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />Disclaimer: <br />I am not a financial advisor - The information on this channel is NOT financial advice. <br />These videos are designed purely for educational purposes and should serve as a starting spot to do your own research from.<br /><br />The views on this channel are completely independent and in no way represent, nor are connected with any of the companies that may be discussed.<br /><br />Nothing contained in this video should be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell any investment or security, and is not designed to provide you with an investment strategy. The information provided should not be relied upon as the basis for making any purchase, sale or investment decision regarding any stock or asset. <br />These videos merely express my opinion, which is based on information obtained from sources believed to be accurate at the time of discussion.<br /><br />ASX Investor is not liable for any loss caused, whether due to negligence or because of reliance on, the information provided directly or indirectly, in this video.{% endraw %}
