---
title: "Drake - From Time (Feat. Jhene Aiko)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/0M4nKru2H_Q\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "0M4nKru2H_Q"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["drake nothing was the same emotional rap hip hop rnb love heartbreak sad cry jhene aiko nwts ovo","Jhené (Musical Artist)","Hip Hop (Exhibition Subject)"]
date: "2021-10-06T23:59:52+03:00"
vid_date: "2013-10-31T22:54:01Z"
duration: "PT5M21S"
viewcount: "73181071"
likeCount: "429652"
dislikeCount: "13432"
channel: "FlowSoSynthesis"
---
{% raw %}<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vf2sfXIhlCg">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vf2sfXIhlCg</a><br />Been a minute since we kicked it, you've been caught up<br />With them bitches, I don't get it, you're a star love<br />You shouldn't have to deal with that<br />I'd never make you feel like that<br />Cause...<br /><br />[Hook: Jhene Aiko]<br />I love me, I love me enough for the both of us<br />That's why you trust me, I know you been through more than most of us<br />So what are you? What are you, what are you so afraid of?<br />Darling you, you give but you cannot take love<br /><br />[Verse 1: Drake]<br />I needed to hear that shit, I hate when you're submissive<br />Passive aggressive when we're textin', I feel the distance<br />I look around the peers that surround me, these niggas trippin'<br />I like when money makes a difference but don't make you different<br />Started realizin' a couple places I could take it<br />I want to get back to when I was that kid in the basement<br />I want to take it deeper than money, pussy, vacation<br />And influence a generation that's lackin' in patience<br />I've been dealing with my dad, speakin' of lack of patience<br />Just me and my old man gettin' back to basics<br />We've been talkin' 'bout the future and time that we wasted<br />When he put that bottle down, girl that nigga's amazin'<br />Well, fuck it, we had a couple Coronas<br />We might have rolled a white paper, just somethin' to hold us<br />We even talked about you and our couple of moments<br />He said we should hash it out like a couple of grown ups<br />You a flower child, beautiful child, I'm in your zone<br />Lookin' like you came from the 70's on your own<br />My mother is 66 and her favorite line to hit me with is<br />Who the fuck wants to be 70 and alone?<br />You don't even know what you want from love anymore<br />I search for somethin' I'm missing and disappear when I'm bored<br />But girl, what qualities was I lookin' for before?<br />Who you settlin' for? Who better for you than the boy, huh?<br /><br />[Hook]<br /><br />[Verse 2: Drake]<br />Thinkin' 'bout Texas, back when Porscha used to work at Treasures<br />Or further back than that, before I had the Houston leverage<br />When I got Summer a Michael Kors with my momma's debit<br />A weak attempt at flexin', I'll never forget it<br />Cause that night I played her three songs<br />Then we got to talkin' 'bout something we disagreed on<br />Then she start tellin' me how I'll never be as big as Trey Songz<br />Boy was she wrong, that was just negative energy for me to feed off<br />Now it's therapeutic blowin' money in the Galleria<br />Or Beverly Center Macy's where I discovered Bria<br />Landmarks of the muses that inspired the music<br />When I could tell it was sincere without tryin' to prove it<br />The one that I needed was Courtney from Hooters on Peachtree<br />I've always been feelin' like she was the piece to complete me<br />Now she engaged to be married, what's the rush on commitment?<br />Know we were goin' through some shit, name a couple that isn't<br />Remember our talk in the parking lot at the Ritz<br />Girl I felt like we had it all planned out, I guess I fucked up the vision<br />Learnin' the true consequences of my selfish decisions<br />When you find out how I'm livin' I just hope I'm forgiven<br />It seem like you don't want this love anymore<br />I'm actin' out in the open, it's hard for you to ignore<br />But girl, what qualities was I lookin' for before?<br />Who you settlin' for, who better for you than the boy, huh?<br /><br />[Hook]<br /><br />[Outro: Baka]<br />&quot;Been Baka aka Not Nice from time, G. Been a East Side ting. Scarborough ting from time, G, been have up di ting dem from time, G. So I don't know what's wrong with these little wasteman out here eh? Y'all need to know yourself.&quot;<br /><br />ALL RIGHTS TO THEIR RESPECTIVE OWNERS{% endraw %}
