---
title: "gain, obtain or attain? Learn advanced English vocabulary."
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/O6xJEGGie_E\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "O6xJEGGie_E"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Learn English","RealEnglish","fluent"]
date: "2021-11-25T19:05:41+03:00"
vid_date: "2017-11-15T15:00:02Z"
duration: "PT4M42S"
viewcount: "3176"
likeCount: ""
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Real English Fluency Now with Trisha and Hope"
---
{% raw %}In this English lesson you will learn the difference between the words gain, obtain and attain.  This lesson will be very helpful for anyone planning to take the TOEFL, TOEIC or GRE exams or to help with writing resumes, CV's and cover letters for applying for jobs in English speaking countries.  <br /><br />Thanks for watching! <br /><br />Get free ebooks from me to help you learn English here: <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://realfluencynow.com/sign-up-now/">http://realfluencynow.com/sign-up-now/</a><br /><br />Learn how to become a member of the Real Fluency Family here:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://realfluencynow.com/real-fluency-family-membership/">http://realfluencynow.com/real-fluency-family-membership/</a><br /><br />And don't forget to share this video with friends that are learning English!  I really appreciate it!<br /><br />*** English Lesson Notes / transcript:  ***<br /><br />In today’s English lesson you will learn how to use the words gain, obtain, and attain.<br /><br />Let’s get started!<br />---------------------------<br />Hello Real Fluency Friends! I’m Trisha and I’m here to teach you Real English used in Real Life so you can reach Real Fluency! Now!  <br /><br />And today you will learn how to use the words gain, obtain, and attain.<br /><br />    obtain       <br />    gain    <br />    attain  (verb) <br />These three words have similar meanings.  <br />They all mean basically to get something.   <br />The word 'get' is fine for most informal speech and writing.<br /><br />But in formal writing or speaking there are <br />subtle differences in their meaning that <br />you should be aware of.    When listening <br />or reading, if you understand the basic <br />meaning of getting something you will be ok.<br /><br />If you need to use them, it would help to understand the difference.  For me, as a native speaker I really don't have to think about it too much, one or the other just sounds right to me depending upon the context. <br /><br />You use attain when talking about something <br />you accomplish, reach, or achieve through effort.<br />For example, you can attain a goal of speaking English fluently.<br /><br />But obtain means more to just get or acquire <br />something, to take ownership of something.   <br />There may or may not be any difficulty in <br />getting the thing you are talking about <br />obtaining.  <br /><br />'gain' can be used as a verb or a noun.  Most<br />of the time you will hear it used as in gaining <br />weight.  <br /><br />Let me share some sample sentences and that may make them more clear.  If not, when listening or reading pay attention to these words and the subtle differences of when they are used.  <br /><br />It might also be helpful to keep a list of sentences using these words that you come across and review them now and then until it starts to become more clear. <br /><br />Attain:<br />Will he attain his goal of getting people to Mars?<br /><br />Because of the influence of gravity, maximum velocities are usually attained <br />just after launch, at entry, or at time of closest approach to a massive body.  <br />(wikipedia)<br /><br />I refuse to let anyone keep me from attaining<br />my goal of being successful.  <br /><br />obtain<br />The police will obtain all the legal records that they need. <br />He obtained his knowledge of rocket science through textbooks that he borrowed from someone. <br /><br />gain<br />She ate too much junk food, and gained a lot of weight.<br />It was hard for me to gain weight when I was younger.<br />He's been gaining a lot of weight the past year or so.  <br />---------------------------------------------<br />Short Quiz:<br />Fill in the blanks for these sentences with <br />either gain, obtain or attain.  I realize this<br />will be hard for many people, but try and see<br />how well you do with it!<br /><br />I'll make it easier - if it is about <br />weight, use gain.  If it is about a<br />goal (except those involving weight) use attain.  <br /><br />1)  He was able to _______ passports from three countries.<br />2) Goals take a lot of work to ______.<br />3) I try to eat healthy foods so that I don't  _____ too much weight.<br /><br />That’s all for today’s lesson!{% endraw %}
