---
title: "Why “snot” is crucial for your health | Ep174"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/x0S8T81h8H0\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "x0S8T81h8H0"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["dr gundry","dr. gundry","steven gundry"]
date: "2021-09-22T06:08:50+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-09-21T15:00:26Z"
duration: "PT46M8S"
viewcount: "7448"
likeCount: "483"
dislikeCount: "11"
channel: "The Dr. Gundry Podcast"
---
{% raw %}#Akkermansia #Probiotics #PendulumLife<br />What loves to munch on your mucus while helping protect you from those pesky plant lectins? You’re about to find out! <br />If you take probiotics, you may be familiar with common strains like Lactobacillus acidophilus or Bifidobacterium bifidum. <br />But unless you’ve read my books, like the Longevity Paradox, that tout its amazing properties, you may have not heard about this INCREDIBLE longevity-supporting bacteria!<br />First identified in 2004, Akkermansia muciniphila — which literally translates to “mucus loving” —  is a species of bacteria that helps to maintain our gut lining. <br />And until now, it’s never been available as a supplement.<br />Enter Pendulum Life, the first company to offer akkermansia in pill form. <br />I’m so excited to have scientist Colleen Cutliffe on as CEO and co-founder of Pendulum to tell us all about it. <br />On this episode we talk about this bacterium’s benefits and why akkermansia is so unique.<br /><br />*This episode is sponsored by Pendulum Life - however, my opinions on Akkermansia muciniphila are my own. <br /><br />Thank you to our sponsors! Check them out: <br /><br />On this episode you’ll learn:<br />One of the most exciting discoveries in the history of microbiome research –  and how it could help YOU live a longer, healthier life (2:00)<br />How “leaky gut” develops over time, indications you may be suffering, and why it matters for YOUR longterm health (3:00)<br />2 key functions missing in most people with metabolic disease  – and how this “mucus-loving” bacteria could make ALL the difference (6:00)<br />Why SNOT is crucial for your health – and the “Goldilocks problem” that puts YOUR health at risk (9:00)<br />Why probiotic supplements made like THIS are likely to have little to no efficacy – and what to look for on the label (14:00)<br />One of the BEST ways to monitor your body’s unique tolerability to sugar and protein – and how doing so could give you a better understanding of your overall health (16:00) <br />Why you could eat just about ANYTHING when you were a kid (and still look and feel great) – and why it doesn't necessarily have to be a thing of the past (17:00)<br />What farmer’s have taught us about the use of antibiotics – and how having THIS important conversation with your doctor could make a huge impact on your health (19:00)<br />Why you may be giving too much credit to probiotic yogurt – and why THIS is much more effective for supporting gut health ( 20:00) <br />The secret to helping your “gut garden” flourish (and the trick to KEEPING it healthy) (23:00) <br />Why we get “butterflies” when we’re nervous or excited – and how it surprisingly relates to the the early detection and prevention of neurodegenerative disorders (25:00)<br /> <br />Mentioned on this episode:<br />Pendulum probiotic (Use code GUNDRY20 for 20% off!) <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://pendulumlife.com/products/pendulum-glucose-control-2-og">https://pendulumlife.com/products/pendulum-glucose-control-2-og</a><br /><br />Pendulum clinical studies<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://pendulumlife.com/pages/science">https://pendulumlife.com/pages/science</a><br /><br />The Energy Paradox: What to Do When Your Get‑Up‑and‑Go Has Got up and Gone  – (order here!)<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.harperwave.com/book/9780063005730/The-Energy-Paradox-Steven-R.-Gundry-MD/">http://www.harperwave.com/book/9780063005730/The-Energy-Paradox-Steven-R.-Gundry-MD/</a>{% endraw %}
