---
title: "Best Finger exercises to Elongate and Slim fingers. How to lose fat from hand make hand thinner."
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/BGY2DH6J-vw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "BGY2DH6J-vw"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["exercise for fingers","how to lose finger fat","easy exercises for fingers"]
date: "2021-09-20T07:11:54+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-03-29T13:15:00Z"
duration: "PT7M48S"
viewcount: "1766290"
likeCount: "84430"
dislikeCount: "567"
channel: "DN.Beauty Natural"
---
{% raw %}👇 Watch Collection of natural Beauty and Health Recipes. Subscribe to DN.Beauty Tips 👇<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQLF3A4R8yugHTKTrJFAUDg?sub_confirmation=1">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQLF3A4R8yugHTKTrJFAUDg?sub_confirmation=1</a><br /><br />👇 Watch Facial Exercise &amp; Massage in English. Subscribe to DN.Beauty Natural 👇<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.youtube.com/channel/UCnY_CoUStl5Ci30mH-Tuo6w?sub_confirmation=1">http://www.youtube.com/channel/UCnY_CoUStl5Ci30mH-Tuo6w?sub_confirmation=1</a><br /><br />How to lose finger fat, fat from hand, elongate and slim fingers.<br />Make your fingers longer and thinner fast with finger exercises.<br />Stretching the fingers and reducing fat from hand.<br />Get beautiful fingers and thin hands.<br /><br />Let's get started.<br /><br />Step 1<br />Open your hands and bend your knuckles down 10 times.<br />Open your hand and fold your fingers, touching lower palm 10 times.<br />Open your hand and close your hand 10 times.<br />Open your hand and spread your fingers 10 times.<br />Open your hands and fold your fingers down. <br />Loosen your fingers to a right angle. <br />Close the hand and open it. Do 5 times.<br /><br />With your hands, push the tips of your fingers together as much as possible and hold for 10 seconds.<br />Spread your fingers, push the tips of your fingers together as much as possible and hold for 10 seconds.<br />Start with your thumb, place your fingers crossed and stretch the space between them. <br />The other finger does the same. Do this until all fingers are complete.<br />Flick your finger to relax.<br /><br /><br />Step 2 <br />Apply hand cream. Interlock with fingers and push them up and down.<br />Tip down and use the other palm to push from bottom to top. Do the other side as well.<br /><br />Interlock your fingers and push them back along your knuckles. Do the other side as well.<br />Interlock your fingers below and hold slightly backward. Do the same switch on the other side.<br />Bend the middle finger, index finger, pull each finger to the fullest.<br /><br />Step 3<br />Raise your fingers, bend them back and move the rest of your fingers to stretch as much as you can. Complete all fingers.<br />Keeping your finger pressed, move another finger up to maximize the stretch. Complete all fingers.<br /><br />Open your hand and spread your fingers as far as possible. <br />Use your index and middle fingers to open the space between your fingers apart and hold for a few minutes.<br />Interlocking fingers, bending up and down 10 times.<br />Put your fingers together and press them together 10 times.<br /><br />Put your fingers down, hold them all down, push them back and hold for 10 seconds.<br />Raise your fingers, hold all your fingers back and hold for 10 seconds, doing the same side.<br /><br />Then shake your fingers to loosen.<br /><br />It's finished. Keep doing it 1-2 times a day and you will have thinner palms and long fingers.<br /><br />Please click subscribe to the DN.Beauty natural channel.<br /><br />#Elongatefingers #Slimfingers  #Handthinner{% endraw %}
