---
title: "ISOLATING WHEN DEPRESSED (feat. Counselor Douglas Bloch)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/JYp2DDgUmuI\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "JYp2DDgUmuI"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["depression","anxiety","depersonalization"]
date: "2021-10-09T23:58:28+03:00"
vid_date: "2017-03-22T17:16:24Z"
duration: "PT14M55S"
viewcount: "107203"
likeCount: "2611"
dislikeCount: "89"
channel: "bignoknow - Noah Thomas"
---
{% raw %}Test your testosterone / Hormone levels with LetsGetChecked and take control of your physical and mental health. <br />Get 20% off with this link and code: NOAH20: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://trylgc.com/noah">https://trylgc.com/noah</a><br />Noah Thomas (bignoknow) is an affiliate of LetsGetChecked<br /><br />For business inquiry's:  thomasvisionsllc@gmail.com<br /><br />Please SHARE, LIKE, COMMENT, and even FAVORITE THIS VIDEO if you found it useful or if you know somebody who it may benefit. Thank you. <br /><br />FACEBOOK: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.facebook.com/bignoknowofficial">https://www.facebook.com/bignoknowofficial</a><br />INSTAGRAM :<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://instagram.com/bignoknow">http://instagram.com/bignoknow</a><br />TWITTER: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/bignoknow1">https://twitter.com/bignoknow1</a><br /><br /><br />                                        DEPRESSION SCREENING TEST: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://healingfromdepression.com/depression-screening-test.htm">http://healingfromdepression.com/depression-screening-test.htm</a>                    <br />                                                <br />      This video is for educational and documentary purposes only and is not intended to treat or diagnose.  The opinions expressed are that of the individual in the video and nobody else.  Please consult a health care professional for all mental and physical healthcare needs. <br /><br />I Noah Thomas, the creator of this channel, have been diagnosed hypogonadism  by a medical doctor and legally  prescribed the medically indicated treatment of Testosterone Replacement Therapy.  <br /><br />My Story<br /><br />My name is Noah and on May 18 2011, I had a rare reaction to a medication called VIVITROL and consequently, spiraled into a suicidal depression with depersonalization and anxiety. I lost 25 lbs in 4 weeks and was in full panic or near panic for 8 weeks straight mixed with the darkest most painful depression I cold have ever imagined. I immediately could not work and had to move in with my parents who, along with many siblings and friends, had to watch me 24/7 as I was a danger to myself.  Eventually I was hospitalized in the Psych Ward for a week. Getting through each day seemed truly unbearable and I knew I would surely die. I have been put on many many different doctor prescribed  SSRI's SNRI's Tricyclics, mood stabilizers, anti-psychotics, holistic meds, acupuncture and even a form of shock therapy called RTMS. I barely saw any improvement in my condition for a full year. It was decided I had treatment resistant depression and I spent nearly every moment in tears. Weeks after starting my newest round of medications (Seroquel &amp; Nortryptaline) as a last ditch effort, I had my blood drawn for possible hormone imbalances and my Testosterone levels came back 200 ng/Dl and 150 ng/Dl. The average 25 year old male has 750 ng/Dl. With this discovery I had an explanation as to why I was not getting better and why I might be so so sick. The symptoms of Low T are very similar to those of major depression. I started legally prescribed testosterone replacement therapy soon after and have been checking in with the world and documenting my experience with treatment as well as giving my insight and perspective on various topics of mental health. I am blessed to say that I have slowly, over the last 6 years, been improving and becoming more stable which I never thought to be possible. My low T manifested itself in the form of Major depression, anxiety, and depersonalization/ derealization for over a year. Treating  my low testosterone has been 1 HUGE part of the puzzle but I have had to continue to work hard to hold on to my mental stability with many set backs.  Gaining some mental stability back is nothing short of a miracle as I was near death for what felt like forever. I do not consider myself to be totally healed yet but I am closer now then ever before and aim to use what I have been through to help or at least offer support to others in need I was able to successfully come off my Seroquel and Pamelor.<br /><br />I work out all the time as a part of my mental health recovery!!! Weight training and all kinds of cardio rule much of my free time and I also share this on my channel.<br /><br />Noah Thomas (bignoknow) is an affiliate of LetsGetChecked{% endraw %}
