---
title: "What Are Your Strengths? (10 GREAT STRENGTHS to use in a JOB INTERVIEW!)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/gCJsGsZ3hhU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "gCJsGsZ3hhU"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["What Are Your Strengths","what are your strengths interview question","what are your strengths"]
date: "2021-11-26T00:03:18+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-06-30T08:21:40Z"
duration: "PT9M19S"
viewcount: "420334"
likeCount: "17536"
dislikeCount: "183"
channel: "CareerVidz"
---
{% raw %}What Are Your Strengths? (10 GREAT STRENGTHS to use in a JOB INTERVIEW!) By Richard McMunn of:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://passmyinterview.com/21-great-answers-to-tough-interview-questions/">https://passmyinterview.com/21-great-answers-to-tough-interview-questions/</a><br />#jobinterviewtips #interviews #interviewquestionsandanswers<br />In this tutorial, job interview expert Richard McMunn teaches you how to answer the difficult interview question, WHAT ARE YOUR STRENGTHS? Sometimes, this interview question is posed as:<br />WHAT IS YOUR GREATEST STRENGTH?<br />WHAT ARE YOUR GREATEST STRENGTHS?<br />WHAT ARE YOUR STRENGTHS AND WEAKNESSES?<br /><br />Here’s what he covers to help you PASS YOUR INTERVIEW:<br />#1. 3 important tips for answering this question.<br />#2. 10 standout strengths you can use in your job interview.<br />#3. An example scripted answer with the strengths I believe are the strongest.<br /><br />JOB INTERVIEW TIP 1<br />• Give 3 strengths that are going to appeal to the hiring manager.<br />• Most people say – professional, enthusiastic, and hard-working! DO NOT SAY THESE!<br /><br />JOB INTERVIEW TIP 2<br />• Give strengths that are unique, and that will make the interviewer sit up and listen.<br />• This is your opportunity to show you can ADD VALUE to their business.<br /><br />JOB INTERVIEW TIP 3<br />Once you have told the interviewer your strengths, back up your claims with evidence.<br /><br />10 BRILLIANT STRENGTHS TO GIVE IN AN INTERVIEW (What are a list of strengths) 02:49<br />#1 – DISCIPLINED AND FOCUSED.<br />You can be relied upon to concentrate on tasks and do things to the necessary standard.<br /><br />#2 – FLEXIBLE AND VERSATILE.<br />You will help the business by being adaptable in your role, and by taking on tasks outside of your normal job remit.<br /><br />#3 – RESOURCEFUL <br />This means you are an innovative problem-solver. You will always seek ways to overcome problems and challenges as and when they occur.<br /><br />#4 – LOYAL AND TRUSTWORTHY.<br />You can be relied upon to carry out your duties in line with procedures and they can trust you to be a positive role model for the company.<br /><br />#5 – COLLABORATIVE.<br />You understand that the best way to achieve a company’s goals is to work effectively with others and to be a supportive team worker.<br /><br />#6 – COMMERCIALLY AWARE.<br />You are the type of person who understands that, for their business to be successful, you have to work hard, find ways to help the company increase sales and to make sure you keep a check on expenditure.<br /><br />#7 – DETAIL ORIENTATED AND ATTENTIVE.<br />You are the type of person who will always focus on the details you will not make mistakes and you will be relied upon to do your work to a high standard.<br /><br />#8 – CREATIVE AND INNOVATIVE<br />This means you will find ways to help the business to grow, and you will think outside of the box when trying to overcome challenges or find ways to improve customer service or company performance.<br /><br />#9 – FAST LEARNER WHO IS ALWAYS SEEKING TO IMPROVE<br />You can be left alone to learn things quickly which means they won’t have to monitor or supervise you, and you always take ownership for your self-development.<br /><br />#10 – PASSIONATE AND COMMITTED<br />If you can show the interviewer you genuinely love what you do, and you are committed to working for them for the long term, they will be more likely to hire you!<br /><br />DON’T FORGET, ANYONE CAN SAY WHAT STRENGTHS THEY HAVE, BUT BACKING UP YOUR CLAIMS WILL HELP YOU TO STAND OUT!<br /><br />WHAT ARE YOUR STRENGTHS BEST ANSWER: 07:25<br /><br />CONNECT WITH RICHARD MCMUNN ON LINKEDIN.COM:<br /><br />DOWNLOAD RICHARD'S TOP 21 ANSWERS TO DIFFICULT INTERVIEW QUESTIONS:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://passmyinterview.com/21-great-answers-to-tough-interview-questions/">https://passmyinterview.com/21-great-answers-to-tough-interview-questions/</a>{% endraw %}
