---
title: "The specified module could not be found Fix for All Programs | Windows 10 \\ 8 \\ 7"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/tBFxdVfRbXw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "tBFxdVfRbXw"
categories: "Science-Technology"
tags: ["the specified module could not be found","specified module could not be found windows 10","specified module could not be found"]
date: "2021-10-24T16:58:09+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-06-12T12:34:33Z"
duration: "PT3M30S"
viewcount: "29487"
likeCount: "230"
dislikeCount: "35"
channel: "How to Fix Your Computer"
---
{% raw %}The specified module could not be found Fix for All Programs | Windows 10 \ 8 \ 7<br />[ Gift ] Like this video &amp; Add this to Chrome for FREE [ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/AnimSearch">https://bit.ly/AnimSearch</a> ] <br />This knowledge base will guide you through the steps on How to fix The specified module could not be found Fix for All Programs | Windows 10 \ 8 \ 7<br /><br />The specified module could not be found Fix for All Programs | Windows 10 \ 8 \ 7<br /><br />How To Fix &quot;The specified module could not be found&quot; Errors In Windows 10<br />As the name suggests, &quot;The specified module could not be found&quot; error is rundll error. This corresponds to a DLL (.dll) file, which is connected to the Windows Registry and used to carry out the tasks are processed by different programs simultaneously. rundll error usually occurs when a program is not granted access to a particular code. This error can also be caused by viruses or malware.<br /><br />It's &quot;The specified module could not be found&quot; error often occurs on Windows startup or when launching a particular program. It is usually caused by a damaged or missing .dll files. This may be caused by damage to the Windows Registry are from programs that fail to uninstall properly. Thus, the main reason for this error are: 1) Damaged or missing .dll files; 2) broken Windows Registry entries; 3) incorrect installation or installation of the program; 4) The malware infection, and; 5) outdated drivers. Errors often determines which part of the system is not functioning and provide the full path to the appropriate .dll files. Having this information makes it easier to solve these problems, but as mentioned above, the error may be caused not only by corruption but also a system of malware infection.<br /><br />There are many programs can repair or clean the registry and detect / remove viruses from your computer automatically, however, they were not able to fix all the problems. Therefore, you may need to do some manual work. In the guide below, we describe various methods to address &quot;The specified module could not be found&quot; error<br /><br /><br />The specified module could not be found Fix for All Programs | Windows 10 \ 8 \ 7<br /><br />#The #specified #module #could #not #be #found<br /><br /><br />Disclaimer: This video comes under how to fix category. The tutorial mentioned works for Windows 10, Windows 8 and Windows 7. This will work on your computer, desktop and laptop. We have tested our video resources on Dell, HP, Acer, Asus manufacturers. For any issues contact our Knowledge Base team.<br /><br />Language : English<br /><br />Related Searches : [ How to fix your computer, knowledge base, windows 10, windows 8, windows 7 ]{% endraw %}
