---
title: "99 QUICK AND FASCINATING FACTS ABOUT THE BODY"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/bir5fhjCvPg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "bir5fhjCvPg"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["Bright Side","Creativity","Positive"]
date: "2021-10-10T05:49:33+03:00"
vid_date: "2017-03-25T16:30:01Z"
duration: "PT13M57S"
viewcount: "3337396"
likeCount: "75172"
dislikeCount: "2457"
channel: "BRIGHT SIDE"
---
{% raw %}The human body is an incredibly intricate and complex system. Did you know that there are more than 300 million capillaries in your lungs? If you stretch them from end to end, they will reach the distance that is equal to the width of the US. Or that if you kiss another person for a certain amount of time, this is much more effective in terms of hygiene than using chewing gum? It normalizes the level of acidity in your oral cavities! Doesn't this sound amazing?!<br /><br />#amazingfacts #humanbodyfacts #factsyouneverknew<br /><br />SUMMARY:<br />- The only part of your body that has no blood supply is the cornea of your eye. It receives oxygen directly from the air.<br />- A single human brain generates more electrical impulses in a day than all the telephones of the world combined. I can’t imagine how many impulses it generates in a year!<br />- A man named Charles Osborne continuously hiccupped for 68 years. Scientists who’ve studied his case have estimated that he hiccupped 24,000 times per day, or some 595,680,000 times over his lifetime!<br />- On average, a person’s respiration rate is one third higher in spring than in autumn.<br />- A feeling of thirst occurs when water loss is equal to 1% of your body weight. The loss of more than 5% can cause fainting, and more than 10% causes death from dehydration. That’s why we you should drink at least 2 liters of water a day.<br />- Not only human beings but also koalas have unique fingerprints.<br />- The fragrance of apples and bananas can help a person to lose weight.<br />- The total weight of the bacteria in your body is 2 kg.<br />- You pass on 278 different types of bacteria to another person when you kiss them. Fortunately, 95% of them are not harmful.<br />- You can lose 150 calories per hour if you bang your head against the wall. Well, we don't recommend doing this - this is just an interesting fact. <br />- A person who smokes a pack of cigarettes a day is doing the equivalent of drinking half a cup of tar a year.<br />- A passionate kiss causes the same chemical reactions in the brain that skydiving and firing a gun do.<br />- People with blue eyes are more sensitive to pain than others.<br />- Everyone has dimples on their lower back, but on some people, they are more pronounced than on others. They appear where the pelvis joins with the sacrum, so their appearance makes sense.<br />- During a person’s lifetime, the small intestine is about 2.5 meters. After they die, the muscles in the walls of their intestine relax, and its length increases to 6 meters.<br />- The human eye can distinguish 10 million different colors.<br />- Every year more than 2 million left-handed people die because of mistakes they make when using machines designed for right-handed people.<br />- The rate at which a person’s hair grows doubles during an airplane flight.<br />- The retinas inside the eye cover about 650 square mm and contain 137 million light-sensitive cells: 130 million are for black and white vision and 7 million are for helping you see in color.<br />- A person would die quicker from a total lack of sleep than from hunger. Death would occur after ten days without sleep, whereas from hunger it would take several weeks.<br /><br />Subscribe to Bright Side here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://goo.gl/rQTJZz">https://goo.gl/rQTJZz</a><br /><br />Facebook: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.facebook.com/brightside/">https://www.facebook.com/brightside/</a><br />Instagram: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.instagram.com/brightgram/">https://www.instagram.com/brightgram/</a>{% endraw %}
