---
title: "Lemongrass & Chicken! best combination for Roasting, tasty with my long bean salad | Traditional Me"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Nb5k64TgNzk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Nb5k64TgNzk"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["cooking","recipe","traditional"]
date: "2021-10-20T14:58:45+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-10-08T12:59:13Z"
duration: "PT25M3S"
viewcount: "763259"
likeCount: "27775"
dislikeCount: "716"
channel: "Traditional Me"
---
{% raw %}The chicken shop is located a bit far away from the village in the city. Whenever I want to buy Chicken drumsticks or any other particular part, I always make it a habit to send a message early in morning to the chicken shop in the city to reserve the quantity that I want. Then in the afternoon, they could be bought. I sent a message early in the morning through brother, and I went and collected them in the afternoon. By the time I came home, it was a bit late and grandmother has already started cooking some dhal! To avoid a second request to go to the boutique again, my brother dear was not to be seen and I feel that he must have gone for a loaf with Brother Lahiru. <br /><br />The lemongrass bush in front of the kitchen has grown so fertile. We believe that it's not good to remove the lemongrass stalks until the bush is well grown as the whole bush might not fully grow. I took the chicken to wash and cut few stems of lemongrass as well on the way. The lemongrass stems should be washed very well to get rid of the mud and once the mature outer membrane is removed ,the fragrant white bulb of the stem will be used for curries. The reason is that the mature green membrane does not give that beautiful citrus fragrance but only an unpleasant taste. I mixed all the ingredients of the marinade with the chicken parts and mash the lemongrass bulbs with the root and squeezed out the essences to the chicken mixture. Then I added the very hot small capsicums, green chillies which was mixed with ghee and salt to the chicken mixture and put it to the oven to bake.<br /><br />Thinking to cook a suitable dish for lunch, I leisurely took a stroll towards the red long beans plot where both our brother and brother Lahiru planted with their hard work. Some of the older pods were already got matured. I picked some tender pods in order to make a salad and also picked some mature pods to get the seeds to add into my cabbage rice. Suddenly the disappeared Brother had come back and slowly tasting a half baked capsicum was caught in the action in the moment I stepped into the back yard! That's my Brother...!!!<br /><br />I blanched the long beans for few minutes before making the salad as we are not used to eat long beans raw. Most people doesn't like the raw taste of the long beans. Then what I did was, fried the mashed and squeezed out lemongrass stems and added them along with tomatoes to the salad. What a flavor combination! If the lemongrass don’t get fried until crispy, they might stick in the throat, therefore we have to fry it very well untill dark brown. I was very happy of the combination of the tempered rice mixed with cabbage and the red beans, red long beans salad, roasted chicken, tempered dhal curry and baked capsicums, which was a feast fit for a king indeed. Later on I had a glimpse of our brother was eating the capsicums while realising that those are not that hot at all when they are fully-baked.<br /><br />Love you All!<br />Nadee<br /><br />© All rights reserved<br />Lemongrass &amp; Chicken! best combination for Roasting, tasty with my long bean salad<br /><br />*Turn CC on for subtitles<br /><br />乡村烹饪 cuisine de village गाँव का खाना बनाना cucina del villaggio طبخ القرية Dorfkochen 村の料理 dorp koken 마을 요리 pagluluto ng nayon деревенская кухня cozinha da vila ഗ്രാമീണ പാചകം cocina del pueblo গ্রাম রান্না vesnické vaření landsby madlavning ចម្អិនអាហារតាមភូមិ kylän ruoanlaitto गाउँ खाना पकाउने masakan desa கிராம சமையல் masakan kampung หมู่บ้านทำอาหาร gotowanie na wsi köy pişirme làng nấu ăn ရွာချက်ပြုတ် μαγειρική στο χωριό villa coctione<br /><br />Inspired by 李子柒 Liziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge<br /><br />Watch all my videos(playlist) - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gz7Dd......">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gz7Dd......</a><br />Music - Traditional Me © <br />FACEBOOK : <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.facebook.com/traditionalm...">https://www.facebook.com/traditionalm...</a><br /><br />#villagecooking​​​​​ #srilankanfood​​​​​ #traditionalme​​​​​ #village​​​​​ #villagelife​​​​​ #villagefood​​​​​ #nadee​​​​​ #countryfood​​​​​ #dessert​​​ #srilankancooking{% endraw %}
