---
title: "Dragon Ball Z: Buu's Fury - All Hercule Exhibits & Z-Fighter Exhibits"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/rLBVgbXqBOc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "rLBVgbXqBOc"
categories: "Gaming"
tags: ["Dragon Ball Z","Buu's Fury","Action RPG"]
date: "2021-10-29T17:33:35+03:00"
vid_date: "2018-10-25T23:00:23Z"
duration: "PT43M53S"
viewcount: "12320"
likeCount: "245"
dislikeCount: "6"
channel: "DannyGuerrero87"
---
{% raw %}HERCULE EXHIBITS 1 On the roof of the top left house in the thieves den, use Goku's Instant Transmission to get to it.<br />HERCULE EXHIBITS 2-3-4-5-6-7 The fourth Bandana you give to the Ninja in Fukurou forest, he is just a screen past Goku's level 135 door.<br />HERCULE EXHIBITS 8 Buy it in West City's Z-Mart, after defeating Kid Buu.<br />HERCULE EXHIBITS 9-10 Give Hercule-ade and root beer  to the lighthouse keeper in Thieves Den<br />HERCULE EXHIBITS 11 Go into Kyodai Pyramid, beat totenhotep, go north into the next room and get the exhibit out of one of the four boxes.<br />HERCULE EXHIBITS 12 Go to the same mountain you fight Brolly on (you get there by going to Nataday village and breaking the door) hit the switch to activate the bridge, then go up to the top of the screen and right, destroy the rock and follow the passage<br />HERCULE EXHIBITS 13 Go into Hercule's Mansion then go left and into a room, next to his<br />big TV there will be a chest.<br />HERCULE EXHIBITS 14 Give an elixer to the lighthouse keeper in the Thieve's Den.<br />HERCULE EXHIBITS 15 Go into the forest next to Goku's house, in East District 439, go to the save point (the save point in the forest not the one next to Goku's house) and walk down to the bottom of the screen and take the left path. It's not on the first left you have<br />to go down and take another left through a few more screens,  then search the tree with the blue fruits, behind the tree is  the exhibit. For those of you who can't see the tree I've put a picture of the tree circled in red, in this link. <br />HERCULE EXHIBITS 16 Complete the second visit of the air ship, the boss will drop a exhibit.<br />HERCULE EXHIBITS 17-18 Give a super elixer and turkey and dinosaur tail to  the lighthouse keeper in the Thieves Den.<br />HERCULE EXHIBITS 19 Beat the record on the racing track, it has to be under 15 seconds or<br />Sharpner won't give you the exhibit.<br />Hercule Exhibit 20 (Diploma) - Give a dinosaur tail to the lighthouse keeper in Thieves Den.<br />HERCULE EXHIBITS 21 In West City, go to the guy next to the dumpster north of the Capsule Corp exit and give him a steak.<br />HERCULE EXHIBITS 22 Go into West City and go to the top left corner, there should be a chest behind some little plants, just use Goku's Instant Transmission to get to it.<br />HERCULE EXHIBITS 23 After you defeat the ninja boss go down the stairs from the save point and right, kill the three Samurais and a chest should appear with the exhibit in it.<br />HERCULE EXHIBITS 24-25 Buy it from the gift shop on Papaya Island.<br />Z-FIGHTER EXHIBITS 1 Go to where Babadi's ship is (or where it was), and go to the upper right hand corner, there should be a chest, use Goku's Instant Transmission to get to it.<br />Z-FIGHTER EXHIBITS 2 (In Diablo Desert go 2 screens up and 2 screens left break the rock in that area with a ki blast, it should drop the exhibit.<br />Z-FIGHTER EXHIBITS 3 Go into Goku's house, then go upstairs into Gohans room. There should be a purple box in his room, go up to it and press A.<br />Z-FIGHTER EXHIBITS 4 Go into the forest next to Goku's House, then go past the level 140 Gohan Door, there will be an area with a lot of rocks, punch and break one of the rocks (fourth rock down), go through to the end and get another exhibit.<br />Z-FIGHTER EXHIBITS 5 After you complete the game go into Goku's House and talk to Ox-King, he will give you it.<br />Z-FIGHTER EXHIBITS 6 Talk to Bubbles in the cave (where Olibu took you) after Beating Kid Buu.<br />Z-FIGHTER EXHIBITS 7 In West City, go into the Capsule Corporation, go right and into the room where DR. Brief is and talk to the scientist.<br />Z-FIGHTER EXHIBITS 8 After you beat Kid Buu go into King Yemma's Office, talk to Baba and she will give you it.<br />Z-FIGHTER EXHIBITS 9 Go to Kami's Lookout, go to the top left and there will be 4 trees, in the very middle there will be a bit you can't walk past, just hit there and it will open up a chest with the exhibit inside (it is pretty much invisible but if you look hard enough you can see it)<br />Z-FIGHTER EXHIBITS 10 At the Village, go up the mountain and fight Broly (the monster) after you defeat him he will drop you another exhibit.<br />Z-FIGHTER EXHIBITS 11 Revisit the Diablo Desert, break the door open when it is purple (for Trunks) then go onto the train, go to the end of it and kill all the enemies, one of<br />them should drop the exhibit. <br />Z-FIGHTER EXHIBITS 12 Spin around Yajarobe 3 times in an anti-clockwise direction, he will drop the exhibit in the Southwest forest.<br />Z-FIGHTER EXHIBITS 13 Feed Korin a Red , some people said it has taken them up to ten times of feeding him, so I'd save it before you try. <br />Z-FIGHTER EXHIBITS 14 Talk to Grand Kai on his planet after beating Kid Buu, he will be next to his car with King Kai. <br />Z-FIGHTER EXHIBITS 15 Revisit Pilaf's castle with Goten, make sure you've gone through his 140 door or it wont work. Go to where you got the Dragonball, kill all the enemies in that room, one of them should drop the exhibit, you may need to re-enter the room a few times.{% endraw %}
