---
title: "What is WEB CONTENT? What doe WEB CONTENT mean? WEB CONTENT meaning & explanation"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/fnYamfZfaWc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "fnYamfZfaWc"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["dictionary","english dictionary","online dictionary"]
date: "2021-11-06T13:13:58+03:00"
vid_date: "2017-09-15T19:30:01Z"
duration: "PT9M46S"
viewcount: "3641"
likeCount: ""
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "The Audiopedia"
---
{% raw %}✪✪✪✪✪ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.theaudiopedia.com">http://www.theaudiopedia.com</a> ✪✪✪✪✪<br /><br />What is WEB CONTENT? What doe WEB CONTENT mean? WEB CONTENT meaning - WEB CONTENT definition - WEB CONTENT explanation.<br /><br />Source: Wikipedia.org article, adapted under <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/">https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/</a> license.<br /><br />SUBSCRIBE to our Google Earth flights channel - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6UuCPh7GrXznZi0Hz2YQnQ">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6UuCPh7GrXznZi0Hz2YQnQ</a><br /><br />Web content is the textual, visual, or aural content that is encountered as part of the user experience on websites. It may include—among other things—text, images, sounds, videos, and animations.<br /><br />In Information Architecture for the World Wide Web, Lou Rosenfeld and Peter Morville write, &quot;We define content broadly as 'the stuff in your Web site.' This may include documents, data, applications, e-services, images, audio and video files, personal Web pages, archived e-mail messages, and more. And we include future stuff as well as present stuff.&quot;<br /><br />While the Internet began with a U.S. Government research project in the late 1950s, the web in its present form did not appear on the Internet until after Tim Berners-Lee and his colleagues at the European laboratory (CERN) proposed the concept of linking documents with hypertext. But it was not until Mosaic, the forerunner of the famous Netscape Navigator, appeared that the Internet become more than a file serving system.<br /><br />The use of hypertext, hyperlinks, and a page-based model of sharing information, introduced with Mosaic and later Netscape, helped to define web content, and the formation of websites. Today, we largely categorize websites as being a particular type of website according to the content a website contains.<br /><br />Web content is dominated by the &quot;page&quot; concept, its beginnings in an academic setting, and in a setting dominated by type-written pages, the idea of the web was to link directly from one academic paper to another academic paper. This was a completely revolutionary idea in the late 1980s and early 1990s when the best a link could be made was to cite a reference in the midst of a type written paper and name that reference either at the bottom of the page or on the last page of the academic paper.<br /><br />When it was possible for any person to write and own a Mosaic page, the concept of a &quot;home page&quot; blurred the idea of a page. It was possible for anyone to own a &quot;Web page&quot; or a &quot;home page&quot; which in many cases the website contained many physical pages in spite of being called &quot;a page&quot;. People often cited their &quot;home page&quot; to provide credentials, links to anything that a person supported, or any other individual content a person wanted to publish.<br /><br />Even though we may embed various protocols within web pages, the &quot;web page&quot; composed of &quot;HTML&quot; (or some variation) content is still the dominant way whereby we share content. And while there are many web pages with localized proprietary structure (most usually, business websites), many millions of websites abound that are structured according to a common core idea.<br /><br />Blogs are a type of website that contain mainly web pages authored in HTML (although the blogger may be totally unaware that the web pages are composed using HTML due to the blogging tool that may be in use). Millions of people use blogs online; a blog is now the new &quot;home page&quot;, that is, a place where a persona can reveal personal information, and/or build a concept as to who this persona is. Even though a blog may be written for other purposes, such as promoting a business, the core of a blog is the fact that it is written by a &quot;person&quot; and that person reveals information from her/his perspective. Blogs have become a very powerful weapon used by content marketers who desire to increase their site's traffic, as well as, rank in the search engine result pages (SERPs). In fact, new research from Technorati shows that blogs now outrank social networks for consumer influence (Technorati’s 2013 Digital Influence Report data).{% endraw %}
