---
title: "Rosalia's Final \"Generally speaking women tend to\""
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/UQcu-fQ-BCs\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "UQcu-fQ-BCs"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["rosalia lerner","tvideotours","tvideo tours"]
date: "2021-09-25T08:59:41+03:00"
vid_date: "2014-07-12T15:18:21Z"
duration: "PT4M7S"
viewcount: "158"
likeCount: "3"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "TVideoTours"
---
{% raw %}Choreographer: Rosalia Lerner (Contestant &quot;Another Kind of Choreographer's Competition&quot;)<br /><br />Competing to Win a paid choreographic commission with The PGK Dance Project.<br />Fashioned after the FoodNetwork Show &quot;Chopped&quot; each contestant has 10 hours to create a dance inspired by the same 5 mystery ingredients. <br /><br />Dancers: Mashante Nicholson, Nancy Tello Nikki Witzke, and Katy Seiley.<br />Music: abbbrvalg, Ella Fitzerald, Craid Shank, George Drake Jr.<br /><br />THE PGK DANCE PROJECT &quot;Dance into SUMMER&quot;<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://thepgkdanceproject.org/support/">http://thepgkdanceproject.org/support/</a> <br /><br />- The PGK Project<br /><br /><br />Mashante Nicholson, Administrative Intern (UArts, Philadelphia) <br />The PGK Project<br />- Umbrella to The PGK Dance Project, The PGK Dance Project Too, The Ascend Project, The Dance on the EDGE Festival for ArtWalk, &quot;San Diego Dances&quot;, PGK Dance SUMMER Intensive, &quot;Another Kind of Choreographers&quot; Competition<br /><br />Amber Bennett, Communications/Public Relations Intern (Hofstra University, New York) <br /><br />UPCOMING 2014 <br />June 27th @ 730pm 'Dance into Summer' Performance at Spanish Village Balboa Park, dynamic world class dance &amp; music. TIX:danceintosummer.brownpapertickets.com<br /><br />June 21st The PGK Dance SUMMER Project TOO at The Carlsbad Music Festival<br />September 20th The PGK Project's First Annual Mediterranean Nights Celebrating 20 Years!<br /><br />October 8-12 The PGK Dance Project at The Lyceum Space<br /><br />November 24-29th 'PGK Dance ON TOUR' Central America<br />TICKETS &amp; Information at: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.ThePGKDanceProject.org">http://www.ThePGKDanceProject.org</a>  <br /><br />2014 is the 'San Diego Dances' platform's 5th YEAR Anniversary making world class dance available to more people in innovative ways. <br />Support, sponsor a PGK project, have fun volunteering.<br />It's been our pleasure to be a Cultural Ambassador company in partnership with The US State Department since 2002.<br /><br /><br />ArtPulse ABC-TV Feature: The PGK Dance Project 'Why Dance Matters'<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://artpulse.tv/videos/peter-g-kalivas/">http://artpulse.tv/videos/peter-g-kalivas/</a> <br /><br />*****************************************************************<br />&quot;PGK&quot; is a multi-faceted organization producing a variety of programs and events including 'San Diego Dances' bi-annually, year round Open Classes @ Culture Shock Dance Center, A pre-professional training program, The Ascend Project in partnership with The Kroc Center &amp; Malcolm X Library &amp; Performing Arts, Dance on the EDGE for ArtWalk Little Italy and our annual Summer Intensive. Our critically acclaimed contemporary dance company performs regionally, nationally and internationally presenting works by a variety of choreographers.<br /><br />Go to: www.ThePGKDanceProject.org to check out our weekly schedule of classes, workshops, performances and on going opportunities. <br /><br />Local: 619.886.7924<br />National/International: 646.337.6164{% endraw %}
