---
title: "Skills for Global Services Clinics - Day 1 (Monday 15 May 2017) Pt. 1"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/jVZrNtMHALg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "jVZrNtMHALg"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["GSPP","Digital Skills","Digital Services"]
date: "2021-10-12T12:25:24+03:00"
vid_date: "2017-05-26T14:27:09Z"
duration: "PT1H58M23S"
viewcount: "48"
likeCount: "0"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "Global Services Promotion Programme"
---
{% raw %}On Monday 15th and Tuesday 16th May 2017, the Ministry of Planning and Development, in conjunction with the Inter-American Development Bank (IDB), hosted an exciting 2-day clinic for the Skills For Global Services at the Kapok Hotel, St. Clair. The private sector was very well-represented at the event, as dozens of businesses across Trinidad and Tobago attended to receive technical assistance with their proposal design for this publicly-funded opportunity. Clinic facilitators included Consultants Mr. Geoff Fieldsend, Dr. Moreiça Allana-Kim Ortega and Ms. Rhea Yaw Ching, as well as IDB Labour Markets and Social Security Specialist, Ms. Carolina Gonzalez and Project Manager for Skills for Global Services, Ms. Joy Lange-Syriac.<br /><br />The Skills For Global Services initiative, which falls under the aegis of the Global Services Promotion Programme (GSPP), opened its Call for Proposals on March 29th 2017, and has since received an overwhelming response from businesses, firms and coalitions nationwide. In his welcome address at the event, Programme Manager for the Global Services Promotion Programme at the Ministry of Planning and Development, Mr. Tracy Hackshaw, expressed his pleasure at the overwhelming response to attendance at the clinics: &quot;I am heartened by the overwhelming interest shown in the Skills for Global Services initiative and in the Clinics over the last two days&quot; said Hackshaw. &quot;I am most especially pleased with the commitment, spirit and enthusiasm shown by the new wave of young and young at heart entrepreneurs in taking their businesses to a higher level, with a focus on growth, internationalization and earning revenue from sources outside of Trinidad and Tobago. We are confident that this initiative is on the right track to ensure we build the necessary Digital Skills that will accelerate and advance the development of the ITeS/Digital Services Sector in Trinidad and Tobago&quot;.<br /><br />The general objective of the Skills for Global Services initiative is to position and advance Trinidad and Tobago as a preferred source for Information Technology-enabled Services (ITeS). This focus is expected to increase exports and employment in the ITeS sector through specific training and support services, investment promotion, branding and capacity building to improve the business climate and regulatory framework. Awards will be disbursed to maximum of TT$475,000.00 per winning proposal.<br /><br />During the clinics, participants from a range of industries were engaged in dynamic and engaging dialogue which tackled several points of interest for the technical design of their skills needs-based proposals. Business representatives received independent and neutral advice in identifying opportunities for managerial/technological upgrades; identifying skills gaps that limit these opportunities; identifying criteria to select appropriate training provider partners and alternatives for skills development and guiding the preparation of proposals and required documentation.<br /><br />Once submitted, proposals will be evaluated through a widely disseminated and transparent process, paneled by local and international experts in the ITeS field. All businesses in the service sector whose core functions are IT-enabled are invited to participate, and successful submissions will receive public funding. Applicants may come from an array of industries – ranging from animation, computer design, health and finance.<br /><br />The deadline for the submission of proposals for the Skills for Global Services initiative is Friday June 23rd at 4:00 pm. For more information, the public is encouraged to visit  www.globalskills.gov.tt{% endraw %}
