---
title: "How to Bulk up FAST (5 Keys to Boost Growth)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/1ErMygfFg7o\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "1ErMygfFg7o"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["how to bulk up for skinny guys","how to bulk up without getting fat","how to bulk up"]
date: "2021-11-16T00:55:40+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-02-10T14:35:29Z"
duration: "PT3M54S"
viewcount: "487658"
likeCount: "16739"
dislikeCount: "259"
channel: "Body Hub"
---
{% raw %}Bulking up can be incredibly challenging. <br /><br />But with the right blend of diet and training, you can experience more visible and faster results. <br /><br />Unfortunately for some guys, they just can’t seem to bulk up the right way without getting fat at the same time. <br /><br />And when they don’t see remarkable results, they just stay skinny or scrawny for the rest of their lives. <br /><br />Let’s run you through the five keys to quickly and naturally building your muscles. Stick around till the end for a super effective bonus tip!<br /><br />1. Keep those carbs up<br />Most men, if not, all are too focused on eating as much protein as they can that they neglect their carb consumption. <br /><br />Sure, protein is important for bulking up but so are carbohydrates. <br /><br />If your body takes in lots of cards, the amount of glycogen in your muscle cells also boosts up. <br /><br />As a result, you will have more energy to exhaust in the gym. <br /><br />Simply put, you can lift more weight and do more reps. <br /><br />Some of the good sources of carbohydrates are rice, pasta, oats, potatoes, and bread. <br /><br />Try to eat large portions of these into your meals so you can bulk up faster. <br /><br />2. Stick with old-school workouts<br />These days, doing supersets or circuits where you have very little time to rest in between sets is widely used. <br /><br />Workouts like thee are good for improving your general health and losing weight. <br /><br />However, if your goal is to bulk up, you need to use a different approach. <br /><br />Contrary to some beliefs, old-school workouts are still at their prime. <br /><br />Specifically for bulking up, it’s very important to perform every set of a single exercise before proceeding to the next. <br /><br />That’s basically how old-school workouts pan out. <br /><br />Also, with traditional workouts and training, make sure to have 1 to 3 minutes of rest in between sets to give your body some time to recover before going again.<br /><br />3. Increase your protein consumption<br />As I have mentioned before, protein is essential for bulking up. <br /><br />That’s because it provides your body amino acids, which are integral for building and repairing muscle. <br /><br />As such, you should consume good quality protein with every meal and snack. <br /><br />Doing so will boost the amino acid levels in your body, which in turn, optimizes muscle growth. <br /><br />Healthy protein-laden food like chicken, legumes, meat, eggs, and low-fat dairy products are great choices. <br /><br />Snack foods like nuts, yogurt, protein bar, quinoa, and hummus with wholegrain crackers are also rich in protein. <br /><br />4. Eat 5 to 6 smaller meals<br />Try to eat five to six small meals throughout the day. <br /><br />This way, your body receives a stable supply of amino acids and fuel to build and repair your muscles. <br /><br />You may also want to have some protein shake 30 to 60 minutes after your training. <br /><br />Protein shakes help promote muscle growth by boosting the production of anabolic hormones. <br /><br />5. Make eating your job<br />One of the common ways to bulk up fast is to eat and lift consistently. <br /><br />Relying on just small snacks as alternatives to proper meals is no-good. <br /><br />As much as possible, make eating a mission. <br /><br />Every morning, think about your schedule for the rest of the day and make time to fit in 3 huge meals. <br /><br />This way, you won’t be able to use the “I’m too busy” or “I forget to eat” excuses. <br /><br />▶ Subscribe to the channel! - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://goo.gl/nJ8d6r">https://goo.gl/nJ8d6r</a><br /><br />Royalty free Pictures from<br />www.pixabay.com<br />www.pexels.com<br /><br />Royalty Free Music from <br />Audio Library – No Copyright Music -<br /><br />----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />ℹ️ Medical Disclaimer: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://pastebin.com/s0cHYHvf">https://pastebin.com/s0cHYHvf</a><br />----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------{% endraw %}
