---
title: "The Difficulty of Being Good: A Discussion with Gurcharan Das"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/PUWuGUArdDw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "PUWuGUArdDw"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Difficulty","Being","Good:"]
date: "2021-10-23T17:17:42+03:00"
vid_date: "2012-09-27T14:49:29Z"
duration: "PT1H20M20S"
viewcount: "17994"
likeCount: "221"
dislikeCount: "12"
channel: "Berkley Center"
---
{% raw %}For more on this event, visit: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://bit.ly/MrExtj">http://bit.ly/MrExtj</a><br />For more on the Berkley Center, visit: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://berkleycenter.georgetown.edu">http://berkleycenter.georgetown.edu</a><br /><br />September 24, 2010 | Why should we be good? What exactly is dharma? On September 24, Author Gurcharan Das spoke about his new book, The Difficulty of Being Good, and how one of the world's great works of moral philosophy and a cornerstone of the Indian mind illuminates the ethical dilemmas that we all face.<br /><br />Das brought light to the moral state of governance in India. India, as Das noted, is on a course for impressive economic growth; however Das posits that India suffers from a deficit of good governance and moral reasoning that has failed to carry the benefits of India's new prosperity to all her citizens. Das argued that leaders have neglected to apply the concept of dharma to policy and daily life whereby exacerbating this gap. He explained that dhama is a complex word that captures the idea of doing the right thing: it could be duty, law, or virtue, both in the near and/or long-term. Das provided current examples of this governance failure (e.g. in retaining and attracting effective teachers in the education system), while comparing current events with stories and teachings of the Mahabharat, the Sanskrit story at the base of many Indian spiritual and ethical beliefs. Politicians and business leaders today, Das noted, fail to look at the moral dimension of a problem, focusing solely on the economic and political dimensions. The concept of dharma is not static, he said; dharma has evolved over time, is subtle in meaning, and can be adapted to the myriad challenges that face our society today. Das highlighted the idea that, in dharmic tradition, good moral reasoning leads to good moral action, rather than an absolute path. Das asserted that in the wake of India's explosive economic growth, leaders must consider and debate the dharma of their public and private decisions that shape society.<br /><br /><br />Gurcharan Das is the author of the much-acclaimed India Unbound, which has been translated into many languages and filmed by the BBC. He writes a regular column for six Indian newspapers, including the Times of India, and occasionally for Newsweek, the New York Times, the Wall Street Journal and Foreign Affairs. His other books include the novel A Fine Family; a book of essays, The Elephant Paradigm; and an anthology, Three English Plays, consisting of Larins Sahib, 9 Jakhoo Hill, and Mira. Das graduated with honors from Harvard University in philosophy and was CEO of Procter &amp; Gamble India before he took early retirement to become a full time writer.{% endraw %}
