---
title: "Linkin Park - I Have Not Begun (LPUX) (2009 Demo) (Lyrics) (Download Link) [HD]"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/2f4S3DWpYQQ\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "2f4S3DWpYQQ"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Linkin","Park","Have"]
date: "2021-09-19T14:19:34+03:00"
vid_date: "2010-11-17T21:44:00Z"
duration: "PT3M7S"
viewcount: "122699"
likeCount: "822"
dislikeCount: "21"
channel: "LPUndergroundShamas"
---
{% raw %}Heys Guys This is the LPUX Demo Called: I Have Not Begun Pretty Decent Demo, AND IT's NEW NO Re-runs Yes! Hahaha<br /><br />NOTE: As I Stated Before, It Takes time for the HD Process to Work, About 30 minutes Hell even 1 hour.<br />Thanks For Understanding.<br /><br />*UPDATED LYRICS* :D:D:D<br /><br />Download Link:<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.megaupload.com/?d=WTN7ALB9">http://www.megaupload.com/?d=WTN7ALB9</a><br /><br />Yes, For those that Want the song, I will provide a low Quiality file for you to listen, Keep, do whatever the hell you want with it.<br /><br />This is just one Song I found Online to keep you waiting for the Rest that will come Soon, Once I get my LPUX CD =(<br /><br />Pretty good 2009 Demo from Mike The WAY Things should be done. This rapping is hot, and it keeps the person wanting more, And It's funny cause he can rap to the most fuck up things Ever. HA!<br /><br />I'm Liking the Song how about you?<br /><br />Lyrics:<br /><br />ladies and gents sorry to keep ya'll waiting<br />this goes out to everybody still hating<br />for those that fake / ya'll can keep on fakin'<br />i'm cooking a plate for you to stick your whole face in<br />tastes good don't it cousin? just so you know it's nothin'<br />i get you buggin' like some codiene in some robutussin<br />it's just the way that i approach each time<br />i slap the track and turn around and choke each rhyme<br /><br />broadcast to the nation like NBC<br />with pages of 16s like an MPC<br />deliver an ass-whipping via MP3<br />giving you people more reality than MTV<br />do it PPV / snap necks with the pressure<br />make a mess / then carry you out on a stretcher<br />you could sue but / ooh the law won't protect ya<br />even the court room sketcher could not sketch ya<br /><br />you're not following me / i got your number like<br />caller i.d. / try it / you can holler at me<br />i promise you pain / i will chop your body in threes<br />and you'll be sitting there stuttering / p-p-probabably<br />follow me / i got styles / you can copy one<br />back of your mind / i know you wanna stop me son<br />but here's news for you fucker: that can not be done<br />you can think that i'm finished i have not begun<br /><br />im grinding / putting these kids to bed<br />you think you're hard-boiled / fucker you're an easter egg<br />you got a pastel shell and a soft inside / squash your pride<br />you think i fucking lost my mind / i'm not playing<br />i might as well be making a bomb<br />i lay you down to foundation when i'm taking you on<br />bet the farm on the rhyme for the sake of my mom<br />she's like / mike show these pigs what kind of bacon you're on<br /><br />it's funny but don't laugh / money with no cash<br />the villain of vocab / i'm killing this notepad<br />the realest i wrote man / you don't even know half<br />i'm banking a full tank / you're running on low gas<br />take that / i'm cutting off your fun<br />you're nothing but a butter knife stopping a gun<br />we can dance but your chances are slim to none<br />and you can think that i'm finished i have not begun<br /><br />got a razor-blade tongue and i get this done<br />no running just dumping on your clique for fun<br />machine shop got it locked like the game's a joke<br />say something funny get the whole gang provoked<br />better buckle down fucker / go get your own<br />we been working ten years just to get this known<br />the people on the block starting to get numb<br />they expect that its fresh when the new shit come<br /><br />here it goes let em know they can fix the frown<br />railroad rap hot tracks running you down<br />and they ask and repeat how i do this now<br />like i'm really gonna tell em how i get this sound<br />we just do what we do give you that fix<br />we come in the back like we run this bitch<br />turn the lights down low / and we start the show<br />when i give it to ya / give it right back and it goes<br /><br />take that / take that / cutting off your fun<br />you're nothing but a butter knife stopping a gun<br />we can dance but your chances are slim to none<br />you can think that i'm finished i have not begun<br />follow me / i got styles / you can copy one<br />back of your mind / i know you wanna stop me son<br />but here's news for you fucker: that can not be done<br />you can think that i'm finished i have not begun<br /><br />( I Tried My best, So Here goes, If it's wrong Please correct me).<br /><br /><br /><br />.<br /><br />TrackList For LPUX:<br /><br />01. Unfortunate (2002 Demo)<br />02. What We Don't Know (2007 Demo)<br />03. Oh No (Points of Authority Demo)<br />04. I Have Not Begun (2009 Demo)<br />05. Pale (2006 Demo)<br />06. Pretend To Be (2008 Demo)<br />07. Divided (2005 Demo)<br />08. What I've Done (Mike Shinoda Remix)<br />09. Coal (1997 Demo)<br />10. Halo (2002 Demo)<br /><br />Thanks For Watching!<br /><br />Rate,<br />Comment, BELOW!<br />Thumbs up for LPUX!{% endraw %}
