---
title: "Squid Game Han Mi Nyeo SHOCKING Details You DEFINITELY Did Not See!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/stNAI33sPIc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "stNAI33sPIc"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["squid game","squid game netflix","squid game workers"]
date: "2021-11-25T23:08:02+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-25T04:00:22Z"
duration: "PT8M17S"
viewcount: "2102"
likeCount: "87"
dislikeCount: "8"
channel: "Binge Central"
---
{% raw %}At first, we might have despised her for her over-confident attitude and desperation to team up with the strongest set of players, but admit it, we grew to love her (and her gorgeous locks of hair) as the Netflix series Squid Game progressed. Yes, I’m talking about Han Mi-Nyeo, also known as Player 212. If it’s been a while since you’ve watched Squid Game, let me refresh your memories. She is the person who we cheered for when she was plunging down to her death, taking the evil Deok-Su with her. Yes, she is our hero, and yes, she might be a little underrated, so for those of you who have rooted for her character since the very beginning, this video is for you, because today, we will be tackling everything about this brave and reckless character who pretty much lifted a lot of the serious scenes in the series. Get ready for some spoilers and as always, make sure to hit that subscribe button and notification bell first for more updates. Now, let’s PLUNGE in! (If you get the pun, then we’re all proud of you)<br /><br />Han Mi-nyeo is a key character in the first season of Squid Game, a South Korean Netflix drama series set in a Hunger Games-like island, run by, well, just wealthy people. Mi-nyeo is a devious woman who entered the Squid Game in the hopes of winning enough money to ease her financial problems. Since that very first episode where she said her first phrases, we knew that something was going to be really wrong about her. And she did not fail our theories. She continued on to be one of the most desperate characters in Squid Game.<br /><br />From her age, down to her mysterious passing up on the marbles game, here’s everything you may have missed about the character Han Mi-Nyeo in Squid Game.<br /><br />Mi-Nyeo’s “baby” strategy might have just been just that-- a mere strategy<br /><br />When Mi-nyeo tears and begs the guards to let her go with the others after surviving the first game, she mentions that she has a newborn baby waiting for her at home, whom she has yet to register the birth since she has yet to name him. For the rest of &quot;Squid Game,&quot; she proves to be a highly manipulative player.<br /><br />Han Mi-nyeo makes it through the marble round – but if she had no one to play with, why was she allowed to live? However, following the marble game, in which a number of Squid Game's primary cast of players perish, the surviving players are astonished to discover that Mi-nyeo is still alive and eligible for the big prize. The simple explanation is that the organizers of Squid Game want to maintain the appearance that all players are equal. When no one pairs up with Mi-nyeo, it's primarily due to the uneven number of players remaining, and their dislike for Mi-nyeo is secondary. If Mi-nyeo had found a partner, leaving someone else without a partner to play with, that player's survival would have been secured instead. Killing Mi-nyeo just because she lacked a partner to play with would contradict the Front Man's claims that Squid Game is about fairness and equality. In short, Mi-nyeo was spared after the marble game not just because it’s the fair thing to do.<br /><br />The English subtitle translation doesn't do justice to the story's societal commentary<br />For us Non-Korean speakers, we might see the entire series as flawless. But for Korean-speaking viewers, the series had much deeper social commentaries than we thought. One fan who's fluent in Korean shared a now viral TikTok. This was especially true for the character 212. This, according to the TikTok user, is a popular saying in Korean media, roughly meaning that Mi-nyeo is probably &quot;street smart,&quot; but not formally educated like some of the other contestants participating in &quot;Squid Game.&quot; Given how the guards and creators of the imaginary Squid Game have frequently emphasized to the players.<br />How old is Player 212?<br /><br />Han Mi-Nyeo’s age has not been verbally exhibited in the series, but we examine the clues to her age and why it’s kept a secret. In real life, Kim Joo-ryoung, who plays Mi-nyeo, is 45 years old, but that does not provide a definitive answer for the age of her character. Mi-nyeo is deceptive as a character. Within the in-universe logic of Squid Game, Mi-nyeo does not have an athletic build, and many of the games in the Squid Game competition are athletic in nature. Forced to use other talents, Mi-nyeo's devious nature probably serves her better. It gives Mi-nyeo an advantage to keep the other players on their toes. In episode 4, “Stick to the Team,” <br /><br />That’s all for today, we hope you enjoyed that video and if you did, don’t forget to hit that like and subscribe button and smash that notification bell for more videos like this.<br /><br />Related videos:<br />Cho Sang-woo Explained | Squid Game Explained<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XnT53DUOIGw">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XnT53DUOIGw</a><br /><br />Squid Game Gi-Hun SHOCKING Details You CERTAINLY Missed!<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mu4FrZMR--o">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mu4FrZMR--o</a><br /><br />#squidgame #squidgames #squidgamenetflix #netflix #squidgameseason2 #squidgamebehindthescenes{% endraw %}
