---
title: "Harry Dent: We Won't Recover From This!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/2xWfubY5qmk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "2xWfubY5qmk"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Harry","Dent:","Won't"]
date: "2021-09-28T01:20:58+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-09-27T18:15:09Z"
duration: "PT9M42S"
viewcount: "3402"
likeCount: "278"
dislikeCount: "6"
channel: "CFN - Compact Financial News DAILY"
---
{% raw %}▶︎ Subscribe NOW to the channel, click here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://bit.ly/CompactFinancialNews-subscribe">http://bit.ly/CompactFinancialNews-subscribe</a><br />▶︎ Keep your financial education strong: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://bit.ly/CompactClub">http://bit.ly/CompactClub</a><br />▶︎ Best Krypto and Bitcoin-News on YouTube here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/CryptoNews-subscribe">https://bit.ly/CryptoNews-subscribe</a><br /><br />Harry Dent's Channel: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDkLCChDIvIKLaxIAqkhjuQ">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDkLCChDIvIKLaxIAqkhjuQ</a><br /><br />Harry Shuler Dent Jr. is an American financial newsletter writer. His 2009 book, The Great Depression Ahead, appeared on the New York Times Bestseller List. Dent is the Founder of HS Dent Investment Management, an investment firm based in Tampa, Florida that advises, and markets, the Dent Strategic Portfolio Fund mutual fund. Dent is also the president and founder of the Dent Research and Director of H.S. Dent Publishing. <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harry_Dent">https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harry_Dent</a><br /><br />____________________ <br />Video content: Harry Dent, Restart, reset, the big reset, banks USA, savings banks USA, economy USA, finance USA, money USA, capital USA, stocks USA, stock exchange USA, real estate USA, politics USA, media USA, gold, gold coins, silver, precious metals, bitcoin , Cryptocurrency, currency crisis, currency reform, financial community, financial policy, financial market, banks, financial crash, euro crash, bank crash, investment, euro crisis, economic crisis, bankruptcy, bankruptcy, inflation, credit, insolvency, profit, system change, reset, crash, finance, finance, money , Trade, goods market, means of payment, securities, cash, bank balances, claims, debt capital, interest, liabilities, purchasing power, central banks, ECB, precious metals, expropriation, system change, stock market trend, success channel, company, state, Bill Gates, Jeff Bezos, Elon Musk, Warren Buffett, Bernard Arnault, Mark Zuckerberg, Larry Ellison, Larry Page, finance, crash, cash, microstrategy, Michael Saylor, gold, central banks, currency, economy, government, politics, stocks, assets, real estate, money, future, inflation , Recession, Technology, Asset Advisor, Finance, Crash, Cash, Microstrategy,  Bitcoin, BTC, cryptocurrency, gold, central banks, currency, economy, government, politics, money print, assets, stocks, ethereum, fortune, investment, PayPal, stock market, real estate, money, future, inflation, recession, technology<br />____________________ <br />#harrydent #gameover #2021 #august2021 #impoverishment #powerquake #restart #reset #financecommunity #stockexchange #corona #inflation #preciousmetals #finance #financepolitic #banks #financecrash #warrenbuffett #billgates #jeffbezos #elonmusk #markzuckerberg #gold #economy #money #economiccrisis #broke #credit #inflation #purchasingpower #systemchange #crisis #crash #trump #marketing #affiliate #affiliatemarketing #contentmarketing #insolvency #profit #bitcoin #Cryptocurrency #silver #politics #media #successchannel #stockmarket #stocks <br />____________________<br /><br />FAIR-USE COPYRIGHT DISCLAIMER<br />Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for &quot;fair use&quot; for purposes such as criticism, commenting, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use. <br /><br />-This video has no negative impact on the original works (It would actually be positive for them) <br />-This video is also for teaching purposes. <br />-It is not transformative in nature.<br />-We've only used bits and pieces of videos to get the point across where necessary. <br /><br />DISCLAIMER<br />We make these videos with the intention of educating others in a motivational/inspirational form. We do not own the clips and music we use in most cases. Our understanding is that it is in correlation to Fair Right Use, however given that it is open to interpretation, if any owners of the content clips would like us to remove the video, we have no problem with that and will do so as fast as possible. <br /><br />The videos and content on this channel are for informational purposes only, you should not construe any such information or other material as legal, tax, investment, financial, or other advice. Nothing contained on our channel constitutes a solicitation, recommendation, endorsement, or any third party to buy or sell any securities or other financial instruments in this or in in any other jurisdiction in which such solicitation or offer would be unlawful under the securities laws of such jurisdiction.<br /><br />DISCLOSURE<br />Some links may be affiliate links. We may get paid if you buy something using these links at no additional cost to you, full disclosure. We use these funds to help provide excellent content on the channel, thank you!{% endraw %}
