---
title: "\"Construction Machines\" Kids Song - Diggers, Trucks, Backhoe, Construction Toys"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/17nQ74S5SfU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "17nQ74S5SfU"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["kids construction","kids construction videos","kids construction vehicles"]
date: "2021-10-16T15:07:38+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-03-30T12:52:33Z"
duration: "PT2M53S"
viewcount: "27837611"
likeCount: "46332"
dislikeCount: "30154"
channel: "Bounce Patrol - Kids Songs"
---
{% raw %}Beep beep, here come the construction vehicles. Let's dig with a big digger! Join Bounce Patrol at our pretend play construction site as we build things using toy excavators, cranes, trucks, backhoe and more. Digging holes in the ground, pushing rocks and dirt around. Lift it, move it, construction machines can do it!<br /><br />⭐ Watch our videos ad-free! Join Bounce Patrol's premium video service for members: <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://watch.bouncepatrol.com/">https://watch.bouncepatrol.com/</a><br /><br />💎 Music, merchandise and memberships: <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://linktr.ee/BouncePatrol">https://linktr.ee/BouncePatrol</a><br /><br />🎵 New album! Listen in your music app:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://lnk.to/NurseryRhymesVol2">https://lnk.to/NurseryRhymesVol2</a><br /><br />Bounce Patrol make original songs and nursery rhymes for the whole family to enjoy. We aim to get kids up and bouncing to our music (hence the name - Bounce Patrol!). Jump up and dance along with Jackson, Alyssa, Rachel, Will and Jacinta - let's bounce!<br /><br />Bounce Patrol is produced on the lands of the Bunurong People and we wish to acknowledge them as Traditional Owners. We pay our respects to their Elders, past, present, and emerging 🦘<br /><br />Thanks for watching 😀<br /><br />****<br /><br />LYRICS:<br /><br />Digging holes in the ground, pushing rocks and dirt around <br />Lift it… Move it… Construction machines can do it <br /><br />Dig dig dig with a big big digger, digging holes in the ground <br />Dig dig dig with a big big digger, moving rocks and dirt around<br />Let’s dig holes in the ground<br />Dig dig brmmm brmmm, Dig dig brmmm brmmm<br /><br />Pushing dirt with the big bulldozer, pushing dirt is so much fun<br />Pushing dirt with the big bulldozer, clearing space for everyone<br />A bulldozer gets the job done<br />Push push brmmm brmmm, Push push brmmm brmmm<br /><br />Digging holes in the ground, pushing rocks and dirt around <br />Lift it… Move it… Construction machines can do it<br />Brmmm brmmm brmmm brmmm<br /><br />Lift it up with a big crane, lift it up here and put it down there<br />Lift it up with a big crane, hitch the load with a hook and chain<br />Lift it up with a big strong crane<br />Lift lift brmmm brmmm, lift lift brmmm brmmm<br /><br />Scoop it up with a big backhoe, scoop the dirt and let it go<br />Scoop it up with a big backhoe, Bucket at the back (It’s a Backhoe)  <br />Bucket at the front we go go go<br />Scoop scoop brmmm brmmm, scoop scoop brmmm brmmm<br /><br />Digging holes in the ground, pushing rocks and dirt around <br />Lift it… Move it… Construction machines can do it<br /><br />Digging holes in the ground, pushing rocks and dirt around <br />Lift it… Move it… Construction machines can do it<br />Construction machines can do it!{% endraw %}
