---
title: "It's The End Of Normal – Steven C. Hayes"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/RMVAZnN1m60\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "RMVAZnN1m60"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["ACBS","ACT","Steven Hayes"]
date: "2021-09-11T22:38:29+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-06-29T12:38:15Z"
duration: "PT4M26S"
viewcount: "2738"
likeCount: "148"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "Steven C. Hayes"
---
{% raw %}This song is my 2021 contribution to the Follies – a segment in every ACBS conference (ACBS stands for Association for Contextual Behavioral Science).<br />Enjoy :)<br /><br />Also, here are the lyrics:<br /><br />&quot;It’s The End of Normal&quot;<br />by Steven C. Hayes<br /><br />__<br /><br />It’s the end of “normal”<br />Typical concepts don’t apply<br />It’s the end of “normal”<br />Look inside and you’ll see why<br /><br />Dogma disappearing<br />It’s the rising of the nones;<br />If you’re not “he” or “she,”<br />Well, you’re not the only one.<br /><br />There are thirteen ways to learn to walk<br />and many more to run;<br />Diagnostic labeling<br />Is over now – it’s done!<br /><br />It’s the end of “normal”<br />So many pathways to explore<br />It’s the end of “normal”<br />That’s what psychology is for<br /><br />Pearson and Sir Ronald knew<br />Exactly what it means;<br />They put averages atop us<br />To fulfill eugenic dreams;<br /><br />Only certain ones would get to breed<br />And they didn’t mean me or you;<br />Cuz you’re black, or brown, or gay,<br />My momma’s momma was a Jew.<br /><br />It’s the end of “normal”<br />What if you could just be you?<br />It’s the end of “normal”<br />What we need is truly new.<br /><br /><br /><br />Measure people over time<br />And look at what they do<br />The concepts must be bottom up<br />Cuz’ top down isn’t true.<br /><br />And everyone is different<br />Cuz’ you’re not a frozen clone<br />So CBS is cutting our<br />Assumptions to the bone.<br /><br />It’s the end of “normal”<br />Idonomic is the way<br />It’s the end of “normal”<br />Finally all of us can play.<br /><br />The kids have seen a different world<br />“Have it your own way”<br />It’s music streams not radio<br />What’s the song to play?<br /><br />The shows you want; the news you like;<br />And every time is now.<br />It’s awesome and it’s awful<br />But it’s happened anyhow<br /><br />It’s the end of “normal”<br />I’ll be me and you be you;<br />It’s the end of “normal”<br />What do you really value, dude.<br /><br />It’s the end of “normal”<br />Averages just don’t apply;<br />It’s the end of “normal”<br />We’re not ergodic; that is why.<br /><br />It’s the end of “normal”<br />Psychometrics is a lie;<br />It’s the end of “normal”<br />Traditional stat can go and die.<br /><br />It’s the end of “normal”<br />Important variation is within;<br />It’s the end of “normal”<br />And notice how you lose or win.<br /><br />It’s the end of “normal”<br />You are not an “error term,”<br />It’s the end of “normal”<br />Person by person then confirm.<br /><br />It’s the end of “normal”<br />DSM is walkin’ dead;<br />It’s the end of “normal”<br />Time to shoot it in the head.<br /><br />It’s the end of “normal”<br />I think it’s time to move along;<br />It’s the end of “normal”<br />So it’s time to end this song.<br /><br />It’s the end of “normal”<br />And here is what to take away<br />It’s the end of “normal.”{% endraw %}
