---
title: "How to give a strong presentation: tips & key phrases"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/0zW5trYrgvc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "0zW5trYrgvc"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["learn English","English","ESL"]
date: "2021-11-15T00:28:56+03:00"
vid_date: "2016-02-17T21:19:21Z"
duration: "PT8M42S"
viewcount: "254161"
likeCount: "2874"
dislikeCount: "86"
channel: "Benjamin’s English · Learn English with engVid"
---
{% raw %}Do you have to give presentations for school or work? Today I'm going to teach you key vocabulary and phrases to use in a presentation, speech, or sales pitch. I'll give you my tips for giving a good presentation, and show you how to structure your presentation using language that is intelligent and clear. You'll find it especially helpful if you are shy or nervous when it comes to public speaking. So check out this lesson and give your next presentation in English confidently.<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.engvid.com/how-to-give-a-strong-presentation-tips-key-phrases/">http://www.engvid.com/how-to-give-a-strong-presentation-tips-key-phrases/</a><br /><br />TRANSCRIPT<br /><br />Good morning, good day, good afternoon, good evening, whatever time of day it is, I hope you're well. Thank you for coming to engVid, and learning to become better at English, the very best place to find on the website for this. My name is Benjamin. Today, we are going to be doing a short lesson on useful vocabulary for making a presentation. So it's going to be useful for college students when you have to make a presentation in class, and also for those of you who are studying business English. So we are going to be looking at how to begin a presentation, how to present ideas, how to... Useful words for putting your ideas across. Lovely.<br /><br />So, a good way to start, at the beginning. We could say: &quot;To begin with&quot;, or: &quot;To start off&quot;, okay? So: &quot;I'd like to begin by thanking you all for coming today.&quot; Okay? &quot;I'd like&quot;, obviously short for: &quot;I would like to begin&quot;, the infinitive &quot;by&quot;... &quot;I'd like to begin by&quot;, and then you list the reasons or what it is you want to start with. Okay.<br /><br />Another use of &quot;begin with&quot; or &quot;by&quot;: &quot;It was a great start to the year, beginning with the press conference in Japan&quot;, for example. Yeah? &quot;It was a great start to the year&quot;, and then &quot;beginning with&quot; with &quot;ing&quot;. Just the spelling when you are going to use &quot;ing&quot;, you need to add that extra &quot;n&quot;. &quot;Beginning with&quot;. So: &quot;begin with&quot; or &quot;by&quot;. It kind of also works with &quot;start off&quot;. So: &quot;I'd like to start off by thanking you for coming to engVid today.&quot; Okay? Or: &quot;I'd like to start off by thanking you&quot;. &quot;Start off with&quot;, &quot;start off by&quot;, &quot;begin with&quot;, &quot;begin by&quot;, great ways for starting a presentation.<br /><br />The next phrase I want to come on to: &quot;base on&quot;. Now, &quot;base&quot; as a verb, it has two different functions. Okay? It can be the reason for a decision, or it can be to do with place. Okay? So... If I'm using it in the past, I would say: &quot;This was a decision based on&quot;, it's the reason for decision. So, you came to engVid today based on your desire to become better at English. So: &quot;I base&quot;, so I... My reason for the decision, I base this on my understanding of the website. Okay?<br /><br />Now, when I'm talking about place, we talk about basing yourself at. So: &quot;This company is based in London&quot;, or: &quot;This company is based in Germany&quot;, or if you're going to talk about the future: &quot;We will base ourselves in the United States&quot; or: &quot;We will be basing ourselves in Montreal or in Russia.&quot; Okay? &quot;To base yourself&quot; and the reason for a decision. Okay so far? I hope so. Going to do a quiz at the end so if you... You can try out these phrases, and then I'll give you a bit of feedback on the quiz.<br /><br />Now, if I'm doing a presentation and I want you to do something, I might say: &quot;I'd like you to come up with some ideas.&quot;, &quot;I'd like you to come up with some reasons.&quot; Okay? So I'll put: &quot;ideas&quot;. Let's just work on the pronunciation, make sure you've got that right. &quot;I'd like you to come&quot;, &quot;I'd like you to come up with&quot;, &quot;I'd like you to come up with some ideas.&quot; And then you can ask them to do it with the person sitting next to them, whatever. Okay?<br /><br />Now, this is quite a difficult phrase: &quot;deal with&quot;. Okay? It... It basically means to have an answer to. So: &quot;We need to deal with foreign competitors.&quot; This is a very difficult word to spell: &quot;foreign&quot;, okay? It's &quot;eiga&quot;, &quot;gn&quot;, sorry. So: &quot;We need to deal with foreign competitors.&quot; Here are the foreign competitors, they're saying things, and we need to have an idea. We need to have a good idea, we need to do something in return. We need to enter the fight, almost. Okay? &quot;To deal with&quot;. So, I am dealing with... You can ask it as a question: &quot;Are you dealing with that?&quot; If you're the manager and you're talking to someone in your company: &quot;Are you dealing with that portfolio?&quot; or whatever it is. Right?<br /><br />Now, &quot;move on&quot;. This is a good way, if you're doing a speech, to move on to the next chapter. Okay? So I have my beginning, come... I'm getting them to come up with ideas. I'm telling them to deal with something. And now, this is just a way of going on to the next chapter, so I'd say: &quot;Moving on to our company's progress in Hong Kong.&quot; Okay? So, &quot;moving on&quot;, now let's look at. Or: &quot;I'd like to move on to...&quot;, &quot;I would like to&quot;, &quot;I would like to move on to&quot;. Now, I'd like to move on to our next guest speaker, so I'm just going to go next door and see if he's ready for us. One sec.{% endraw %}
