---
title: "VISUALIZATION Step-by-Step Instructions"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/vDWYblqLpFU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "vDWYblqLpFU"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["self improvement","mind science","self actualization"]
date: "2021-11-14T09:17:45+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-03-11T16:34:44Z"
duration: "PT6M16S"
viewcount: "11354"
likeCount: "405"
dislikeCount: "8"
channel: "drwebercoaching"
---
{% raw %}How to Use Visualization to Reach Your Goal: A Step By Step Guide<br /><br />In this video I am going to explain how to visualize<br />In our previous video I explained How Visualization Can Help You Reach Any Goal. Visualisation, also known in sports as mental imagery, is a personal development technique that can help you reach your goals. University Studies in Germany, Belgium, UK, Australia, US, Canada and Russia have shown over and over again that imagining and mentally rehearsing can help you be more successful and achieve your milestones. Professional athletes are most well-known for using this technique, but anyone can apply it to their personal and professional lives.<br />------------------------------------------------<br />Just like an Olympic gymnast can visualise a perfectly executed floor routine, you can visualise a perfectly executed presentation, job interview or even idea pitch to venture captialist <br />By using mental imagery, you can build confidence while improving your technique. But visualising is more than thinking about something. Visualisation requires more steps and more detail than simple thoughts. <br />How to Visualize, Step by Step<br /><br />1st Step: Go Somewhere Quiet and Private<br />Visualisation requires focus. Find a quiet and private place where you will not be disturbed. If possible, use the same location every time you practice mental imagery. By using a familiar space, you can get in the zone more quickly every session.<br />2nd  Step: Clear Your Mind<br />Usually we do this by taking long, slow breaths to help clear your mind. Push away worries and to-do lists. Get yourself in the zone to focus on the task at hand. <br />3rd Step: Think of Your Goal<br />Close your eyes and think of the goal, feel yourself accomplishing that goal, See yourself accomplishing that goal new behaviour or skill you wish to acquire. Think of the steps required to complete that goal. Think of how you want to perform or act to accomplish your goal.<br />4th Step: Envision Yourself Completing the Goal<br />Now that you have your goal in mind, visualise yourself completing the goal by mentally going through the motions step-by-step. Most people visualize this step like seeing a movie, but with two possible perspectives. <br />Some people visualize the experience as if they are watching a movie of themselves  and others as watching as a spectator. <br />In another words, you can visualize it as if you are the actor playing the starring role within the movie, or you can experience the movie from the inside out. Visualize in 1st  person or 3rd person<br />Discovering which perspective works best for you is a personal choice and is a matter of trial and error. Just go with whichever method feels more natural to you. Sometimes both perspectives can used interchangeably and both will help you.<br /><br /> 5th Step: Add as Much Detail as You Can<br />Employ all your senses. As you experience your movie, use your imagination to fill in as many details as possible. It´s really important to ADD EMOTION, feeling, sights, sounds, smells, and even tastes you would experience in that event.<br />The more detail you can include, the better. <br />Also use mental imagery to practice every movement, facial expression, confident voice, or any other physical factor that will help lead to success. Don’t forget the emotional aspects, either. Imagine yourself working through and controlling emotions. <br />6th  Step Six: Practice<br />The more you practice mental imagery, the better you get. It is recommended you practice two times per day for about 10 minutes each session. With time, mental rehearsal may begin to feel like virtual reality. And with your correct practice and time, the visualisation will eventually become your reality.<br />7th Step: Stay Positive and consistant<br />Visualisation is a strategy that trains your mind and body and it  takes time. Just like Olympic athletes, you must commit to a training schedule and stick with it. Over time, you will find yourself mentally, physically, and emotionally stronger.<br /><br />Conclusion: Does Visualisation Actually Work?<br />As we learned in our previous article, visualisation has measurable physical effects on the body and mind. Combining visualisation with real-world practice greatly increases your chance of reaching your goals. Mental imagery is a proven tool to develop yourself that every person should use to improve their personal and professional lives. <br /><br />Check out our upcoming videos about business coaching, Mind, Body and Success. Leave your comments in the box below. Don´t forget to subscribe! And thanks for watching! (SMILE)<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />How Visualization Can Help You Reach Goal Your Goals<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/FcBYSNMPuuQ">https://youtu.be/FcBYSNMPuuQ</a><br /><br />Visualization explained step-by-step<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/vDWYblqLpFU">https://youtu.be/vDWYblqLpFU</a><br /><br />Visualization Demonstration for Success<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/_9YOknhqaiE">https://youtu.be/_9YOknhqaiE</a><br /><br />#selfimprovement,<br />#mindscience,<br />#selfactualization,<br />#goalsetting,<br />#goal-setting,<br />#breathingmeditation,<br />#law of attraction,<br />#law of attraction success,<br />#law of attraction mind,{% endraw %}
