---
title: "The CHEESIEST Philly Cheesesteak | Cookin' Somethin' with Matty Matheson"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/43u65VNz-v0\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "43u65VNz-v0"
categories: "Comedy"
tags: ["retired bolt ears","matty matheson","matty"]
date: "2021-11-22T13:48:24+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-21T16:00:03Z"
duration: "PT11M30S"
viewcount: "122844"
likeCount: "4640"
dislikeCount: "54"
channel: "MATTY MATHESON"
---
{% raw %}Click the link here <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://cometeer.com/mattymatheson">https://cometeer.com/mattymatheson</a> to get $20 off your Cometeer order<br /><br />THAT GOOD BEEFY BEEF RIB EYE KICK IT UP A NOTCH PHILLY CHEESESTEAK WITH ONIONS PEPS MUSHROOMS AND THE HOT WHIZZ DRIZZ ALL YOU CARE ABOUT IS THE DRIZZLE WE’RE COOKIN’ SOMETHIN’<br /><br />INGREDIENTS<br />Ribeye roast, 2 bones worth (about 6” or 4lbs) 6 Button Mushrooms<br />2 Bell Peppers<br />2 White Onions<br />1⁄4 cup Milk<br />2 cups Cheez Wiz<br />8 Cherry Bomba Peppers<br />4 Footlong Hoagie Buns<br />Canola Oil<br />Salt<br />Pepper<br /><br />METHOD<br />1. Take the ribeye and trim fatcap and connective tissue off the outside, leaving the big<br />piece of meat in the centre. Put it in the freezer for about 30 min, or until firm enough to<br />slice in 1⁄4” thin slices. Save your trimmings for stewing.<br />2. While the ribeye is cooling, peel the button mushrooms and then chop the stems and<br />tops into 1cm cubes. In about 2tbsps canola oil, add a pinch of salt and fresh cracked pepper, sautee on med-high heat until they release their water and get a bit crispy around the edges, about ten minutes. This should yield about one cup. Remember that all your vegetables should be cut to the same size! Set aside.<br />3. Cut bell peppers in half, and remove the seeds. Wipe out the mushroom pan and heat tbsp oil. Dice peppers into 1cm pieces and sautee with salt and pepper on medium-high heat until the peppers are a little charred and soften, it should take about 3 minutes. Remove from your pan, then dice and cook your white onions in a little more oil, adding about 1 tsp salt and reducing the heat to medium. Be sure to stir your onions often and cook until translucent and lightly brown, about 10 minutes. This should yield about one cup.<br />4. Prepare your cheese sauce: in a saucepan on low-medium heat, combine milk and Cheez Wiz, stir until warmed enough to pour easily. Set aside for finishing<br />5. By the time you have prepared all of your sides, your ribeye should be ready to slice. Remove from the freezer, and using a very sharp cleaver, slice into very thin (1/8”-1/4” slices). Don’t worry if they aren’t perfect slices, it gets chopped up on your skillet.<br />6. Bring a large cast iron skillet to high heat with a splash of oil, until it start to smoke. Add your sliced beef, salt and pepper.<br />7. Take two metal spatulas and stir your meat frequently, using the edges of the spatula to chop up the meat as it cooks. When the meat starts to brown after a few minutes, add a quarter of each of your mushrooms, peppers, and onions, and continue to chop and stir until completely cooked through.<br />8. Then, add a drizzle of cheese sauce into the pan to moisten.<br />9. Take your footlong roll and cut in half, lay on top of the meat to slightly steam and warm<br />up. Let it sit for a few minutes.<br />10. Flip your roll over, then load the middle with your meat filling, then coat with cheese<br />sauce.<br />11. Squeeze the juices of your cherry peppers over your sandwich then tear up cherry<br />peppers and add to your sandwich filling to finish. Enjoy{% endraw %}
