---
title: "The Floor Is Lava | The Kiboomers |  Kids Dance Songs | Dance Music | Kids Songs | Kindergarten"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/wbNAiN8FTfc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "wbNAiN8FTfc"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["the floor is lava","floor is lava","the floor is lava game"]
date: "2021-10-29T05:41:00+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-06-26T14:30:10Z"
duration: "PT3M31S"
viewcount: "65308384"
likeCount: "87372"
dislikeCount: "31114"
channel: "The Kiboomers - Kids Music Channel"
---
{% raw %}The Kiboomers!  Here's The Floor is Lava.  This is a great dance song for kids and fun game to play.  So, watch out because the floor is lava!!!<br /><br />The Floor is Lava song lyrics for kids :<br /><br />Mr. Greenblob:<br />Let's play The Floor is Lava Game!<br />When I say, &quot;The floor is lava!&quot;<br />Get  off the floor!<br />And when I say, &quot;Dance!&quot;<br />Dance!!!<br /><br />All the creatures dance<br /><br />Verse 1:<br />Dancing, dancing on the floor,     <br />Dancing, dancing, dancing,<br />Dancing, just a little bit more,<br /><br />Mr. Greenblob:<br />But jump when I say…..<br /><br />Robot Buddy: (a digital readout screen appears on his chest)<br />5!<br />4!<br />3!<br />2!<br />1!<br /><br />Mr. Greenblob:<br />THE FLOOR IS LAVA!!!!<br /><br />Suddenly, the floor turns to lava!<br />All the creatures frantically look for something to jump on.<br /><br />THE FLOOR IS LAVA!!!!<br />THE FLOOR IS LAVA!!!!<br />THE FLOOR IS LAVA!!!!<br /><br />Suddenly, the lava disappears!<br /><br />Robot Buddy:<br />Situation normal.<br /><br />Verse 2:<br /><br />Mr. Greenblob:<br />Everybody! Get ready to wiggle!<br /><br />All the creatures wiggle<br /><br />Wiggle, Wiggle on the floor,     <br />Wiggle, Wiggle, Wiggle,<br />Wiggle, just a little bit more,<br /><br />Mr. Greenblob:<br />But jump when I say…..<br /><br />Robot Buddy: (a digital readout screen appears on his chest)<br />5!<br />4!<br />3!<br />2!<br />1!<br /><br />Mr. Greenblob:<br />THE FLOOR IS LAVA!!!!<br /><br />Suddenly, the floor turns to lava!<br />All the creatures frantically look for something to jump on.<br /><br />THE FLOOR IS LAVA!!!!<br />THE FLOOR IS LAVA!!!!<br />THE FLOOR IS LAVA!!!!<br /><br />Suddenly, the lava disappears!<br /><br />Robot Buddy:<br />Situation normal.<br /><br /><br />Verse 3:<br /><br />Mr. Greenblob:<br />Everybody! Get ready to tiptoe!<br /><br />All the creatures tiptoe<br /><br />Tiptoe, Tiptoe on the floor,     <br />Tiptoe, Tiptoe, Tiptoe,<br />Tiptoe, just a little bit more,<br /><br />Mr. Greenblob:<br />But jump when I say…..<br /><br />Robot Buddy: (a digital readout screen appears on his chest)<br />5!<br />4!<br />3!<br />2!<br />1!<br /><br />Mr. Greenblob:<br />THE FLOOR IS LAVA!!!!<br /><br />Suddenly, the floor turns to lava!<br />All the creatures frantically look for something to jump on.<br /><br />THE FLOOR IS LAVA!!!!<br />THE FLOOR IS LAVA!!!!<br />THE FLOOR IS LAVA!!!!<br /><br />Suddenly, the lava disappears!<br /><br />Robot Buddy:<br />Situation normal.<br /><br />Verse 4:<br /><br />Mr. Greenblob:<br />Everybody!  Get ready to crawl!<br /><br />All the creatures crawl<br /><br />Crawling, Crawling on the floor,     <br />Crawling, Crawling, Crawling,<br />Crawling, just a little bit more,<br /><br />Mr. Greenblob:<br />But jump when I say…..<br /><br />Robot Buddy: (a digital readout screen appears on his chest)<br />5!<br />4!<br />3!<br />2!<br />1!<br /><br />Mr. Greenblob:<br />THE FLOOR IS LAVA!!!!<br /><br />Suddenly, the floor turns to lava!<br />All the creatures frantically look for something to jump on.<br /><br />THE FLOOR IS LAVA!!!!<br />THE FLOOR IS LAVA!!!!<br />THE FLOOR IS LAVA!!!!<br /><br />Suddenly, the lava disappears!<br /><br />Robot Buddy:<br />Situation normal<br /><br />Verse 4:<br /><br />Mr. Greenblob:<br />Everybody! Get ready to dance!<br /><br />All the creatures dance<br /><br />Dancing, dancing on the floor,     <br />Dancing, dancing, dancing,<br />Dancing, just a little bit more,<br />But jump when I say…..   <br /><br />Robot Buddy:<br />Game over. Click &quot;Start&quot; to replay.<br /><br /><br /><br /> dance music kids songs kindergarten{% endraw %}
