---
title: "Born Through Fire - Blood Fire Pain (Official Music Video)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/l8Pr2ECzVL0\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "l8Pr2ECzVL0"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Tim Lambesis","As I Lay Dying","Wolves At The Gate"]
date: "2021-11-26T19:05:30+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-26T05:41:31Z"
duration: "PT4M59S"
viewcount: "6600"
likeCount: "760"
dislikeCount: "17"
channel: "Modern Empire Music"
---
{% raw %}Listen Now: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://ingrv.es/blood-fire-pain-iak-2">https://ingrv.es/blood-fire-pain-iak-2</a><br /><br />Special thanks to Devin Attard on drums and Taylor Adsit for additional vocals!<br /><br />“Blood • Fire • Pain” is inspired by someone I met while incarcerated. After hearing his story I couldn’t help but be moved by his positivity despite the fact that all he had known his entire life was hardship and suffering.<br /><br />He had grown up in one of California’s toughest neighborhoods and fought to survive the gang life he was born into. When he was 15 he was ordered to commit an armed robbery. In that moment he had to decide if he was more scared of the police or older gang leaders who he’d have to answer to if he didn’t do it. Though he forever regrets his decision that day he was given an adult sentence back in an era when the prosecuting attorney (rather than judge or jury) decided that.<br /><br />I met him around age 32 when he’d spent almost 2 decades in prison. He had endured level four prison yards, gang wars, isolation, riots, and countless lockdowns. Despite the struggles of his childhood followed by fighting to survive as an adult he believed there was hope.<br /><br />This song is dedicated to people who feel their pain goes unseen or that they are forgotten and swept aside.<br /><br /><br /><br />Lyrics:<br /><br />I have witnessed all the hurt that you have endured<br />with no one in your life to validate you<br />but please don’t let their indifference<br />to the torment you have faced<br />become a source to teach hate<br /><br />don’t let it break, don’t let it break, don’t let it break you<br />I see your strength even when all hope in this life is taken away<br />they’ll never take, they’ll never take, they’ll never take from you<br />the way your struggle has refined you everlastingly<br /><br />it may seem that there’s only one way<br />‘cause all you’ve ever known…<br />is blood, fire, and pain<br />blood, fire, and pain<br />blood, fire, and pain<br /><br />but there is so much more<br /><br />I know you’re locked, I know you’re locked, I know you’re locked away<br />transformed in silence with no outlet to relieve your pain<br />I know the weight, I know the weight, I know what you carry<br />and the strength it takes just to stand on your two feet<br /><br />there is more than what you’ve sustained<br />and there is strength that comes…<br />from blood, fire, and pain<br />blood, fire, and pain<br />blood, fire, and pain… pain<br />but there is so much more<br />than blood, fire, and pain<br /><br />there is so much more<br />the trials of this life can bring us to the other side<br />revealing how broken our systems can be<br />highlighting how much we are in need of grace<br />we were never designed to live this way<br /><br />blood, fire, and pain<br />blood, fire, and pain<br />blood, fire, and pain<br /><br />Video by: Kurt Murray at Voyant Creative{% endraw %}
