---
title: "\"One of a Kind\" Karaoke Sing Along | Vivo | Netflix Futures"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/mAW1yvaZPzY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "mAW1yvaZPzY"
categories: "Film-Animation"
tags: ["Juan de Marcos","Netflix","Netflix Futures"]
date: "2021-09-12T15:00:14+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-08-06T07:00:00Z"
duration: "PT4M17S"
viewcount: "5884351"
likeCount: "18112"
dislikeCount: "1503"
channel: "Netflix Futures"
---
{% raw %}Sing along to “One of a Kind” from Vivo, only on Netflix.<br /><br />A one-of-kind kinkajou meets a wild child and embarks on an unforgettable, musical adventure to deliver a love song to his friend’s long lost love.<br /><br />HEY- LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, THE SHOW IS RIGHT<br /><br />THIS WAY<br /><br />RIGHT THIS WAY<br /><br />HEY- WE HAVE PREPARED FOR YOU A DAZZLING DISPLAY<br /><br />RIGHT THIS WAY!<br /><br />SO GATHER AROUND, MY FRIENDS, AND HERE WE GO...<br /><br />PRESENTING THE ONE AND ONLY, VIVO!<br /><br />OKAY, ATTENDANCE IS LOW, BUT THIS IS JUST A HICCUP<br /><br />ONCE WE BEGIN OUR SHOW, BUSINESS IS GONNA PICK UP<br /><br />WE’RE TWO BLOCKS FROM LA CASA, IT’S NOT A NEW SCENE<br /><br />THIS IS OUR SPOT IN THE PLAZA, CHECK OUT THE ROUTINE<br /><br />LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, I AM VIVO THE KINKAJOU<br /><br />OH WHAT’S A KINKAJOU? OH BABY I THINK THAT YOU READY TO LEARN<br /><br />A THING OR TWO<br /><br />WATCH ME SWING AS I SING AT YOU.<br /><br />EVERY SINGLE THING I CAN THINK OF TO MAKE YOU SCREAM “WOO!”<br /><br />HEY, LO LE LO LAI, LO LE LO LAI, LO LE LO LEEI,<br /><br />LAI LE LO LEEI.<br /><br />HEY, LO LE LO LAI, LO LE LO LAI, LO LE LO LEEI,<br /><br />LAI LE LO LEEI.<br /><br />YOU AND I...<br /><br />WE ARE ONE OF A KIND<br /><br />KEEPING TIME EVERY TIME<br /><br />Oye! WE ARE PART OF A TIME-HONORED TRADITION OF TIMING AND PRECISION<br /><br />YOUR FINEST TWO MUSICIANS OF TOP NOTCH AS WE HOPSCOTCH THE COMPETITION<br /><br />ONE OF A KIND<br /><br />THE CLOCK IS TOCKING AND TICKING<br /><br />’M ROCKING THIS CLAVE RHYTHM<br /><br />NOW WATCH!<br /><br />AS PEOPLE THEIR DROP THEIR DOLLARS AND PESOS<br /><br />WE DO THIS ALL DAY EVERYDAY SO<br /><br /> DAME UN BESO<br /><br />GIMME A KISS!<br /><br />BE RIGHT BACK, NOW WATCH THIS...<br /><br />HEY LO LE LO LAI, LO LE LO LAI, LO LE LO LEEI,<br /><br />LAI LE LO LEEI.<br /><br />YOU AND I ARE ONE OF A KIND<br /><br />KEEPING TIME EVERY TIME<br /><br />OKAY, YOU MAY BE THINKING WHAT’S A KINKAJOU DOING PLAYING<br /><br />MUSIC IN CUBA?<br /><br />DON’T YOU LIKE USUALLY LIVE IN THE RAINFOREST?<br /><br />MAYBE I FELL IN A SHIPPING CRATE AS A BABY<br /><br />NEXT THING I KNEW I WAS SOMEWHERE NEW, I WASN’T SINGING THE<br /><br />ALL I REMEMBER IS BEING HUNGRY AND RUNNING FROM SOMEONE EVEN<br /><br />HUNGRIER CHASING ME UP THIS VERY TREE<br /><br />BUT GUESS WHO CAME TO MY RESCUE WITH HIS TRES?<br /><br />ANDRÉS, YES! AND HE BLESSED ME WITH THIS MELODY...<br /><br />COME DOWN FROM THE TREE<br /><br />YOU CAN STAY WITH ME<br /><br />BUT WHAT WILL YOUR NAME BE?<br /><br />VIVO!<br /><br />AND IF Y’ALL LIKE THAT WON’T YOU PASS THE HAT?<br /><br />ONE OF A KIND<br /><br />RIGHT ALONG, LIKE THAT, WON’T YOU PASS THE HAT?<br /><br />YEAH, IF Y’ALL LIKE THAT, WON’T YOU PASS THE HAT?<br /><br />IT’S VIVO, I’M FASTER THAN YOUR AVERAGE CAT.<br /><br />AND IF Y’ALL LIKE THAT, WON’T YOU PASS THE HAT?<br /><br />RIGHT ALONG, LIKE THAT, WON’T YOU PASS THE HAT?<br /><br />YEAH, IF Y’ALL LIKE THAT, WON’T YOU PASS THE HAT?<br /><br />YEAH, I’VE ADAPTED TO MY HABITAT<br /><br />YOU AND I, WE ARE ONE OF A KIND!<br /><br />KEEPING TIME<br /><br />RIGHT ON TIME<br /><br />HEY LO LEI LO LAI,<br /><br />LO LEI LO LAI<br /><br />LO LEI LO LEEI,<br /><br />LAI LE LO LEEI<br /><br />YOU AND I, WE ARE ONE OF A KIND!<br /><br />KEEPING TIME<br /><br />EVERY TIME<br /><br />RIGHT ON TIME<br /><br />KEEPING TIME<br /><br />RIGHT ON TIME<br /><br />AND WE ALL LIKE THAT SO WE<br /><br />PASS THE HAT<br /><br />RIGHT ALONG LIKE THAT SO WE<br /><br />PASS THE HAT<br /><br />YEAH WE ALL LIKE THAT SO WE<br /><br />PASS THE HAT<br /><br />RIGHT ALONG LIKE THAT SO WE<br /><br />PASS THE HAT, WOO!<br /><br />THEY ARE ONE OF A KIND<br /><br />KEEPING TIME<br /><br />EVERY TIME<br /><br />RIGHT ON TIME<br /><br />LAI LO LE LO LAI LO LE LO LO LAI, LO LAI<br /><br />RIGHT ON TIME!<br /><br />SUBSCRIBE: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/2ZflIEC">https://bit.ly/2ZflIEC</a><br /><br />About Netflix Futures:<br />Welcome to the official Netflix Futures channel! Every week we’ll bring you new content featuring your favorite Netflix series -- from Alexa &amp; Katie to Carmen Sandiego and everything in between. <br /><br />About Netflix:<br />Netflix is the world's leading streaming entertainment service with over 209 million paid memberships in over 190 countries enjoying TV series, documentaries and feature films across a wide variety of genres and languages. Members can watch as much as they want, anytime, anywhere, on any internet-connected screen. Members can play, pause and resume watching, all without commercials or commitments.{% endraw %}
