---
title: "Archibald! Certainly not - sung by Harry Bluff"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/mZkyKLZghUc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "mZkyKLZghUc"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["british music hall"]
date: "2021-11-22T04:12:17+03:00"
vid_date: "2016-04-08T22:34:07Z"
duration: "PT2M53S"
viewcount: "4656"
likeCount: "34"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "Julian Dyer"
---
{% raw %}&quot;Archibald! Certainly not&quot; sung by Harry Bluff, recorded about 1910 for Beka Grand but issued here on John Bull.<br /><br />From the repertoire of George Robey, who is incorrectly credited on the label as its composer. Actually words and music are by John L. St John and Alfred Glover, 1909 . The words are below: Bluff takes them in a different order. <br /><br /> It's no use me denying facts<br /> I'm henpecked you can see<br /> 'Twas on our wedding morn my wife<br /> Commenced to peck at me<br /> The wedding breakfast over<br /> I said “We'll start off today<br /> Upon out honeymoon” Then she yelled, <br />“What, waste time that way?”<br /><br /> Chorus: “Archibald - certainly not<br /> Get back to work, sir, like a shot<br /> When single you could waste time spooning<br /> But lose work now for honeymooning<br /> Archibald - certainly not.”<br /><br /> I once strolled through a field, and there<br /> A mad bull came across<br /> It gambolled with me playfully<br /> And quickly won the toss<br /> Of course, I sued the owner<br /> The day the case was fought<br /> The judge exclaimed when I said<br />“Let's have the bull in court”<br /><br /> Chorus: “Archibald - certainly not!<br /> Just show what other evidence you've got<br /> But he cried when I said “Please forego it<br /> Because I must stand up to show it”<br /> “Archibald - certainly not!”<br /><br /> A sportsman I have always been<br /> I've hunted with the hounds<br /> I've hunted too without them<br /> And it's cost me many pounds<br /> I can't afford to hunt now<br /> That I'm married , but one day<br /> The Wife remarked when I asked her<br /> If cricket I should play<br /><br /> Chorus: “Archibald - certainly not!<br /> About this cricket game I've read a lot<br /> Besides, the last time you played at Dover<br /> I heard you'd bowled a maiden over<br /> Archibald - certainly not!”<br /><br /> A lady named Miss Hewitt got<br /> On friendly terms with me<br /> She fell in love with me at once<br /> And then fell in the sea<br /> My wife came on the scene as I <br /> Threw coat and vest aside<br /> As other garments I slipped off<br /> To save the girl, she cried<br /><br /> Chorus: “Archibald - certainly not!<br /> Desist at once disrobing on the spot<br /> You may show your pluck and save Miss Howitt<br /> But if you've got to strip to do it<br /> Archibald - certainly not!”<br /><br /> At supper time last Sunday I<br /> Was hungry as could be<br /> A chicken on the table smelt<br /> Most savoury to me<br /> I longed for just a taster<br /> As I munched my jam and bread<br /> At last I said “Can I have just<br /> The beak? then my wife said<br /><br /> Chorus: “Archibald - certainly not!<br /> You know that fowl for you was never got<br /> Eat chicken when to bed you're going<br /> Why, all night long I'll have you crowing<br /> Archibald - certainly not!” <br />  <br />Transferred from an original record loaned by Adam Ramet{% endraw %}
