---
title: "Johnny Cash - One Piece At A Time"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/18cW_yHo3PY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "18cW_yHo3PY"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Johnny","Piece"]
date: "2021-11-21T03:43:42+03:00"
vid_date: "2013-03-04T05:09:35Z"
duration: "PT4M5S"
viewcount: "3695708"
likeCount: "32760"
dislikeCount: "970"
channel: "MrDesbocatti"
---
{% raw %}Well, I left Kentucky back in '49<br />An' went to Detroit workin' on a 'sembly line<br />The first year they had me<br />puttin' wheels on cadillacs<br />Every day I'd watch them beauties roll by<br />And sometimes I'd hang my head and cry<br />'Cause I always wanted me one<br />that was long and black.<br />One day I devised myself a plan<br />That should be the envy of most any man<br />I'd sneak it out of there in a lunchbox in my hand<br />Now gettin' caught meant gettin' fired<br />But I figured I'd have it all by the time I retired<br />I'd have me a car worth at least a hundred grand.<br />I'd get it one piece at a time<br />And it wouldn't cost me a dime<br />You'll know it's me when I come through your town<br />I'm gonna ride around in style<br />I'm gonna drive everybody wild<br />'Cause I'll have the only one there is a round.<br />So the very next day when I punched in<br />With my big lunchbox and with help from my friends<br />I left that day with a lunch box full of gears<br />Now, I never considered myself a thief<br />GM wouldn't miss just one little piece<br />Especially if I strung it out over several years.<br />The first day I got me a fuel pump<br />And the next day I got me an engine and a trunk<br />Then I got me a transmission and all of the chrome<br />The little things I could get in my big lunchbox<br />Like nuts, an' bolts, and all four shocks<br />But the big stuff we snuck out<br />in my buddy's mobile home.<br />Now, up to now my plan went all right<br />'Til we tried to put it all together one night<br />And that's when we noticed<br />that something was definitely wrong.<br />The transmission was a '53<br />And the motor turned out to be a '73<br />And when we tried to put in the bolts<br />all the holes were gone.<br />So we drilled it out so that it would fit<br />And with a little bit of help with an A-daptor kit<br />We had that engine runnin' just like a song<br />Now the headlight' was another sight<br />We had two on the left and one on the right<br />But when we pulled out the switch<br />all three of 'em come on.<br />The back end looked kinda funny too<br />But we put it together and when we got thru<br />Well, that's when we noticed<br />that we only had one tail-fin<br />About that time my wife walked out<br />And I could see in her eyes that she had her doubts<br />But she opened the door and said<br />&quot;Honey, take me for a spin.&quot;<br />So we drove up town just to get the tags<br />And I headed her right on down main drag<br />I could hear everybody laughin' for blocks around<br />But up there at the court house they didn't laugh<br />'Cause to type it up it took the whole staff<br />And when they got through the title<br />weighed sixty pounds.<br />I got it one piece at a time<br />And it didn't cost me a dime<br />You'll know it's me when I come through your town<br />I'm gonna ride around in style<br />I'm gonna drive everybody wild<br />'Cause I'll have the only one there is around.<br />[Spoken] Ugh! Yow, RED RYDER<br />This is the COTTON MOUTH<br />In the PSYCHO-BILLY CADILLAC Come on<br />Huh, This is the COTTON MOUTH<br />And negatory on the cost of this mow-chine<br />there RED RYDER<br />You might say I went right up to the factory<br />And picked it up, it's cheaper that way<br />Ugh!, what model is it?{% endraw %}
