---
title: "Walmart Shoppers That Will Make You Cringe"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/ORpcyU6f9cs\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "ORpcyU6f9cs"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["walmart","shoppers","that"]
date: "2021-10-10T06:17:22+03:00"
vid_date: "2017-08-15T00:03:11Z"
duration: "PT9M45S"
viewcount: "1342870"
likeCount: "12098"
dislikeCount: "1243"
channel: "Bored Badger"
---
{% raw %}Everyone knows about the horrors you can find in Walmart. For us, they are simply pictures to make us laugh, we hope you do the same. Here are Walmart Shoppers That Will Make You Cringe. <br /><br />#10 - Whatcha Got There?<br />Who knows where this man came from. Whatever you do, don’t piss this one off, just look at that crazy chain stick thingy in his arms. Bet you he’ll be swinging it at your head if you were to make him mad. Wanna try? We’ll watch.<br /><br />#9 - Taste The Rainbow<br />Now, we know that these types of items are made upon request at some spray paint booth, so Skittles really isn’t condoning tasting this rainbow. Which is something we are not about to do. <br /><br /><br />#8 - A Double Pair<br />We don’t know what would possess someone to not wear one pair of denim, but two. Are your boxers made to look like another pair of jeans or are you really wearing a pair of jorts under your pants? And Why?<br /><br /><br />#7 - Extra Height Required<br />Maybe this man would have had an easier time looking at things on the bottom shelf if he had chosen to leave the fancy footwear at home. There really wasn’t a reason to wear those shoes into Walmart; you were just trying to show off. <br /><br /><br /><br /><br />#6 - Pull A Tab Clothing<br />We don’t know where this lady found her outfit, but it resembles one of those signs that says to take a number if you’re interested in a dog walker or whatever. We wonder what you get when you pull one of these tabs. Probably not anything worth it. <br /><br /><br />#5 - The Friend To Number Seven<br />The man in this picture needs to get together with the man in #7. They would surely hit it off. They could then spend Saturday nights shopping for new heels online. Since that’s what guys like to do on a Saturday night, right? <br /><br /><br />#4 - Expecting Rain<br />This person stepped inside from a horrible thunderstorm. What other reason would you have for keeping the silly umbrella hat on your head while inside? Did you seriously forget that it was on top of your head?<br /><br /><br /><br />#3 - Miss Mohawk<br />When we first saw this picture, we honestly thought it was of a bird. Then we looked closer and saw that this was a picture of a woman with a very interesting hairstyle. Not one we would have chosen for ourselves, or even for her for that matter. <br /><br /><br />#2 - Fresh From The Pool<br />It’s clear from this picture that this woman needed to pick up a few things after spending time at the pool. We don’t know where her bottoms went, but it is Walmart she’s in, after all and who needs pants?<br /><br /><br />#1 - Don’t Stand Downwind<br />At least this woman’s shirt has enough courtesy to tell us what’s going on. If we had been crop dusted by that one we don’t know if we would be here to tell the tale.{% endraw %}
