---
title: "The Whole History of the Earth and Life 【Finished Edition】"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/NQ4CUw9RcuA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "NQ4CUw9RcuA"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["origin","solar system","Giant impact"]
date: "2021-11-22T02:31:55+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-06-07T07:05:20Z"
duration: "PT1H5M45S"
viewcount: "10996715"
likeCount: ""
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Kaoru GreenEmerald"
---
{% raw %}This is a documentary which portrays the birth of the solar system, the birth of the Earth, and the emergence and evolution of life on Earth depicted through latest research activities. <br />Executive producer: prof. Shigenori Maruyama. Supported by Hadean Bioscience Project. <br />Revised (Newest) edition : <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/SkeNMoDlHUU">https://youtu.be/SkeNMoDlHUU</a><br />1. The Origin of the Earth. 00:00<br />　4.567 billion years ago : The formation of the Solar System.<br />　4.56 billion years:ago : The formation of the Earth.<br />　4.55 billion years ago : Giant impact.<br />2. Initiation of Plate Tectonics. 02:53<br />　4.37-4.20 billion years ago : The formation of the atmosphere and ocean.<br />　4.37-4.20 billion years ago : The initiation plate tectonics.<br />3. Birth of Proto-life. 06:57<br />　4.10(4.20?) billion years ago : The birth of first proto-life.<br />4. The Initial Stage of Life. 10:53<br />　4.37-4.20 billion years ago : The loss of the primordial continent and the generation of a strong geomagnetic field.<br />　4.20 billion years ago : The emergence of sun-powered life.<br />　4.10 billion tears ago : Mass extinction.<br />5. Second Stage of Evolution of Life. 16:36<br />　2.90 billion years ago : The emergence of photosynthetic life.<br />　2.70 billion years ago : Mantle overturn.<br />6. Third Stage of the Evolution of Life. 20:35<br />　2.30 billion years ago : Mass extinction by snowball Earth.<br />　2.10 billion years ago : From prokaryotes to eukaryotes.<br />7: The Dawn of the Cambrian Explosion. 25:07<br />　1.90-0.80 billion tears ago : The Formation of a Supercontinent.<br />　700-600 million years ago : The Sturtian Glaciation<br />　700-600 million years ago : The Leaking Earth.<br />8: The Cambrian Explosion. 30:57<br />　640 million years ago : The Origin of Multicellular Life.  The Marinoan Glaciation.<br />　580 million years ago : Appearance of Ediacaran Fauna. The Gaskiers Glaciation.<br />　550 million years ago : Evolution Responds to Environmental Changes<br />　540 million years ago : The First Cambrian Organisms<br />9: The Paleozoic Era. 37:06<br />　600 million years ago : Expanding Habitats.<br />　540 million years ago : The Co-evolution of Planets and Insects <br />　550-540 million years ago : The Evolution of Vertebrates<br />　260-250 million years ago : The Largest Mass extinction of the Phanerozoic Eon. Collision with a Dark nebula<br />10: From the Mesozoic to the birth of human beings. 43:23<br />　Dispersion and amalgamation of continents, and the evolution of life.<br />　The birth of primates.<br />　66 million years ago : Dinosaur extinction.<br />11: The Humanozoic eon : the appearance of human beings and civilization. 50:26<br />　Evolution into primates.<br />　The birth of human beings, the fourth animal category : the Humanozoic eon.<br />　10000 years ago : The Agricultural Revolution.<br />　5000 years ago : The Urban Revolution.<br />　2400 years ago : The Religious Revolution.<br />　300 years ago : The Industrial Revolution.<br />　The Information Revolution.<br />12: Future of the Earth. 57:54<br />　Challenges for Human society.<br />　Future of Human society.<br />　Future of the Earth.<br />　200 million years later : Formation of the supercontinent.<br />　400 million years later : Extinction of the C4 plants.<br />　1 billion years later : Cessation of plate tectonics.<br />　1.5 billion years later : Disappearance of the ocean.<br />　4.5 billion years later : Collision between the Milky Way Galaxy and the Andromeda Galaxy.<br />　8 billion years later : Annihilation of the Earth.<br />@Kaoru GreenEmerald{% endraw %}
