---
title: "The True Cost | Documentary | Clothing Industry | Fashion Market | Capitalism | Modern Slavery"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/nxhCpLzreCw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "nxhCpLzreCw"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["The True Cost (2015)","clothing industry documentary","clothing industry"]
date: "2021-09-13T16:49:22+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-07-11T20:33:26Z"
duration: "PT1H31M46S"
viewcount: "736473"
likeCount: "15171"
dislikeCount: "212"
channel: "Plot11"
---
{% raw %}The True Cost - The True Cost is a documentary film exploring the impact of fashion on people and the planet. Storyline: This is a story about clothing. It's about the clothes we wear, the people who make them, and the impact the industry is having on our world. The price of clothing has been decreasing for decades, while the human and environmental costs have grown dramatically. The True Cost is a groundbreaking documentary film that pulls back the curtain on the untold story and asks us to consider, who really pays the price for our clothing?<br /><br />The True Cost (2015)<br />Director: Andrew Morgan<br />Writer: Andrew Morgan<br />Stars: Livia Giuggioli, Stella McCartney, Vandana Shiva<br />Genres: Documentary | Drama | News <br />Country: Bangladesh | USA | Cambodia | China | Denmark | France | Haiti | India | Italy | Uganda | UK<br />Language: English<br />Release Date: 21 January 2016 (Germany) <br />Also Known As: The True Cost - Der Preis der Mode <br />Filming Locations: Cambodia<br /><br />Reviews:<br />&quot;This documentary clear shows the exploitative methods used by Big companies and owners and how the slavery has been outsourced to 3rd world countries. This documentary also invokes the responsibility of an average citizen towards our environment. Being a citizen of a 3rd world country like India, i completely understand the situation of the workers in india and the neighboring countries and how our people are being exploited in every industry.<br /><br />One thing we need to understand is our role in the society. Everyone's role is being reduced to a role of &quot;consumer&quot;. Think about it.<br /><br />Don't worry about the Metascore and Critics reviews. They don't understand how important this film is.&quot; Written by yssp on IMDb.com.<br /><br />&quot;It's really an eye opener to the secrets behind the clothing industry. In fact the western corporates and consumers have blood on their hands by choosing to stay ignorant about the clothing and food industry. It's sickening how these &quot;happy commercials of lush beauty and nice clothes&quot; are use to fool the world and making it worse and worse for out planet and third world people....SEE THIS AND THINK AGAIN!<br /><br />Never ever will you buy your clothes without thinking about where it's coming from and what role it played in the environment and the workers behind these clothes. I hope people will start opening their eyes with this documentary&quot; Written by justsayinme on IMDb.com.<br /><br />&quot;I have seen many documentaries, but when it comes to human exploitation this is by far the most question arising docu i have ever seen.<br /><br />what is development? social justice? basic humanity?<br /><br />when companies in order to reduce their cost prices and increase profits employ destitute people who doesn't have any alternate career other than being a laborer for a meager salary in sweatshops, and supporting their act by claiming that they are providing livelihood to these wretched lives as if they were not living before these companies came. what do you call it if not social exploitation?<br /><br />The words spoken by the environmental activist are cent percent true. Fertilizers and seed business in an epidemic in INDIA that is not there before the 1950s. They affected the generations of Punjab region both medically and economically.<br /><br />Many might think this docu to be an anti-capitalistic propaganda. But developing capitalistic economies at the cost of what? companies might not feel empathy with argument, but a consumer should feel it before falling in the craze of &quot;Brands&quot;. They have to remember those hands that suffered for producing the clothing that you're buying at &quot;discounted&quot; prices and festive sales.<br /><br />The least as an audience should you do is give this a higher rating so that the problem is addressed and more people become aware of what &quot;REAL SLAVERY&quot; would look like in the modern world.&quot; Written by mnagaditya on IMDb.com.<br /><br />&quot;Great documentary about the real price we pay (people and the planet) for fashion and overbuying clothing. At times it seemed that it was repeating and dragging, but overall worth the time. I can no longer justify my clothing donations to charity.&quot; Written by sanmccarron on IMDb.com.<br /><br />Also Known As (AKA):<br />(original title): The True Cost<br />Germany: The True Cost - Der Preis der Mode<br />Hungary: Az igazi ár<br />Japan (Japanese title): ザ・トゥルー・コスト　ファストファッション　真の代償<br />Russia: Реальная цена моды<br />Slovakia (festival title): Skutocná cena<br />UK: The True Cost<br />USA: The True Cost<br /><br />····················································································<br /><br />FOLLOW US!<br />✘ Facebook - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/2ZuPeXp">https://bit.ly/2ZuPeXp</a><br /><br />#documentaries #economy #fashionindustry<br /><br />····················································································<br /><br />COPYRIGHT: All of the films published by us are legally licensed. We have acquired the rights (at least for specific territories) from the rightholders by contract. If you have questions please send an email to: info@amogo.de, Amogo Networx - The AVOD Channel Network, www.amogo-networx.com.{% endraw %}
