---
title: "Be Certain Of God (59-0125)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/5DCbsseKfns\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "5DCbsseKfns"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["holy","spirit","William"]
date: "2021-09-24T21:15:12+03:00"
vid_date: "2016-05-02T02:30:00Z"
duration: "PT1H10M33S"
viewcount: "9339"
likeCount: "181"
dislikeCount: "4"
channel: "Dominus Electos"
---
{% raw %}William Branham is, regardless of all his critics and deniers, the promised Prophet Elijah from Malachi 4:5-6 who should come before the great and dreadful Day Of The LORD to turn the hearts of the children back to their father, through whom the LORD JESUS said that he truly shall come to RESTORE ALL THINGS. Such is evident with regards to the manner in which he utilized the gift of discernment that God gave him: by revealing the thoughts and intents of the hearts of the people. As of yet, no one else, part from the LORD JESUS Himself, has done such, and moreover, no other preacher in the field had or has such a sign. Today, we have numerous impersonators in the field who betray the people, and to reiterate, no one has such a genuine and indubitable sign from above. Likewise, this man sent from God was the seventh Angel (Angel signifies Messenger) from Revelation 1:20 and 3:14-22 sent to the church of Laodicea, as well as the one from Revelation 10:7, by whom the mystery of God should be finished. Consequently, someone must be there to fulfill these scriptures. Thus, as many Christians today can undeniably see, we live at the End of the End time, and it is simply impossible that this promised Prophet Elijah from God could and would come out of any of the numerous different churches and denominations and organizations, all (for the most part) characterized by self-made creeds and dogmas, with extensive discord due to consequent discrepancies. In fact, many tell you, if you ask their respective leaders, &quot;Yes, W. Branham was a Prophet, but at the end, he became false with his teachings.&quot; By means of this, deliberate or not, lie, they kill, diminish, and undermine his influence to the people, but not to God's elected ones. As Jesus said, many are called, but few are chosen. Consequential of all these implicated circumstances, he had to be a neutral and independent man, independent from each denomination and organization and solely dependent on God. Furthermore, God only vindicates His own Word, that is unadulterated, pure, and clean, thus not twisted and falsely interpreted by men, therefore, exemplified as HE has done such by this ministry. As a result, W. Branham was completely different and unique from all the others, and finally rejected from all organizations and denominations, as he did not fit their individual perceptions of the Word of God, reminiscent of the conditions and premise 2,000 years ago in the days of JESUS. The spiritual leaders of that time should have recognized Him at first, but rather, they called Him a devil and ultimately nailed Him to the cross, repeated in our day as well. The son of Man has revealed Himself once again through this ministry, according to the promise of Luke 17:30: The Son of Man revealing himself through a son of man. He that has an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches.{% endraw %}
