---
title: "Top 15 Scary Videos You’ll Regret Watching!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/tofKR0o2Myg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "tofKR0o2Myg"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["chills","top15s","top 15s"]
date: "2021-09-17T19:11:19+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-09-15T03:11:18Z"
duration: "PT20M1S"
viewcount: "68273"
likeCount: "3848"
dislikeCount: "165"
channel: "Top15s"
---
{% raw %}There are scary videos, and then there are these videos. To tell the truth, the most frightful of them don’t just make you check the doors a second time before going to bed and sleep with the lights on the night you watch them; they haunt you for weeks on end, making your nightmares seem to be coming to life.<br /><br />Alongside giving you nightmares that blur the lines between tormenting paranoia and reality, this top 15 list will ensure you experience fear in all its forms. To be honest, these are the scary videos you'll regret watching. If you are wondering why so, well, the entries in this top 15 creepy videos list are the ones that permanently scarred my psyche and took countless hours of beauty sleep from my life. So, I warn you. Proceed with caution!<br /><br />This list of scary videos begins with grisly chills that run up and down your spine at will, and with all the panic and dread these creepy videos have to offer, things only get darker from there. There are levels to fear: Some creepy videos will leave you shaking in your shoes; others will evoke a horror so real, you won't be able to help but imagine yourself in the same situation. And then there's the kind of dread that makes you ask, “Omg! What's going on?!&quot; The entries in this top 15 list are sure to make you feel all of that and beyond, so brace yourself.<br /><br />The shakes and chills caused by the horror induced by the eerie happenings displayed in this list of top 15 scary videos combined with the feeling that you're descending into a harrowing psychosis will probably haunt you for months to come. These creepy videos inflict way more psychological damage than the portrayal of a supernatural brute in some horror flick.<br /><br />Reading, watching, learning about, examining, and straight up prying into everything to do with horror is not just my leisure interest but my consuming passion as well. While researching the creepiest corners of the internet to make this list of top 15 scary videos, I came across many chilling, terrifying, and unnerving recordings that freaked me out of my wits bad.<br /><br />I watch a whole lot of scary videos almost every day — and frankly, now I have a skin thick enough for the usual picks to not even faze me anymore. But even then, I was utterly traumatized when I came across the creepy videos included in this top 15 list for the first time. Things got so out of hand that I was afraid to go to bed for weeks — silver lining though: the fear of these entries cured my lifelong midnight snacking habit! The entries in this top 15 list are the ones that had me waking up in a cold sweat, night after night. These entries haunted my reality for weeks, and that's why I chose to put them on this list for you all to feel the same frights.<br /><br />Perhaps it’s the unsetting nature of the displayed events, or perhaps it's the eerie feeling these scary videos make you feel that gives you an incongruous dread of the dark... No matter what scares you the most about this list of top 15 creepy videos, it is not something you will be able to shake once the countdown ends.<br /><br />Done watching? That's fantastic!<br />Which of these scary videos made you jump right out of your skin to the point that you will regret watching them for life? Let me know right below in the comments!<br /><br />Sources: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://pastebin.com/kmH3L6Dq">https://pastebin.com/kmH3L6Dq</a><br /><br />Music:<br />Kevin MacLeod (incompetech.com)<br />Licensed under Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0">http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0</a><br /><br />Entry Timestamps:<br />0:00 Number 15<br />1:28 Number 14<br />2:12 Number 13<br />3:28 Number 12<br />4:37 Number 11<br />6:12 Number 10<br />7:38 Number 9<br />8:36 Number 8<br />10:08 Number 7<br />11:39 Number 6<br />13:25 Number 5<br />14:46 Number 4<br />16:38 Number 3<br />17:08 Number 2<br />18:47 Number 1{% endraw %}
