---
title: "Bo Burnham - Welcome to the Internet (Lyrics)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/8NJDMV9hJxc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "8NJDMV9hJxc"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["bo burnham welcome to the internet","bo burnham welcome to the internet lyrics","welcome to the internet"]
date: "2021-11-05T15:40:33+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-06-16T13:46:46Z"
duration: "PT4M36S"
viewcount: "6363398"
likeCount: "171904"
dislikeCount: "1738"
channel: "Shadow Music"
---
{% raw %}Bo Burnham - Welcome to the Internet (Lyrics)<br /><br />Stream Bo Burnham - Welcome to the Internet here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://open.spotify.com/track/25AvaE23MXl06YRtQcQoJS?si=8df595474dcf4c6e">https://open.spotify.com/track/25AvaE23MXl06YRtQcQoJS?si=8df595474dcf4c6e</a><br /><br />Bo Burnham<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.instagram.com/boburnham">https://www.instagram.com/boburnham</a><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/boburnham">https://twitter.com/boburnham</a><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://open.spotify.com/artist/2Waw2sSbqvAwK8NwACNjVo?si=LZOV7z05TWKGKoyxsXfRsQ&amp;dl_branch=1">https://open.spotify.com/artist/2Waw2sSbqvAwK8NwACNjVo?si=LZOV7z05TWKGKoyxsXfRsQ&amp;dl_branch=1</a><br /><br /><br />Lyrics:<br /><br />[Bo Burnham]<br />Welcome to the internet! Have a look around<br />Anything that brain of yours can think of can be found<br />We've got mountains of content—some better, some worse<br />If none of it's of interest to you, you'd be the first<br /><br />[Bo Burnham]<br />Welcome to the internet! Come and take a seat<br />Would you like to see the news or any famous women's feet?<br />There's no need to panic; this isn't a test, haha<br />Just nod or shake your head, and we'll do the rest<br /><br />[Verse 3]<br />Welcome to thе internet! What would you prefеr?<br />Would you like to fight for civil rights or tweet a racial slur?<br />Be happy! Be horny! Be bursting with rage!<br />We've got a million different ways to engage<br /><br />[Bo Burnham]<br />Welcome to the internet! Put your cares aside<br />Here's a tip for straining pasta; here's a nine-year-old who died<br />We've got movies and doctors and fantasy sports<br />And a bunch of colored-pencil drawings of all the different characters in Harry Potter fucking each other<br /><br />[Bo Burnham]<br />Welcome to the internet! Hold on to your socks<br />'Cause a random guy just kindly sent you photos of his cock<br />They are grainy and off-putting; he just sent you more<br />Don't act surprised—you know you like it, you whore<br /><br />[Bo Burnham]<br />See a man beheaded, get offended, see a shrink<br />Show us pictures of your children, tell us every thought you think<br />Start a rumor, buy a broom, or send a death threat to a boomer<br />Or DM a girl and groom her; do a Zoom or find a tumor in your—<br />Here's a healthy breakfast option, you should kill your mom<br />Here's why women never fuck you, here's how you can build a bomb<br />Which Power Ranger are you? Take this quirky quiz<br />Obama sent the immigrants to vaccinate your kids<br /><br />[Bo Burnham]<br />Could I interest you in everything all of the time?<br />A little bit of everything all of the time<br />Apathy's a tragedy, and boredom is a crime<br />Anything and everything all of the time<br />Could I interest you in everything all of the time?<br />A little bit of everything all of the time<br />Apathy's a tragedy, and boredom is a crime<br />Anything and everything all of the time<br /><br />[Bo Burnham]<br />You know, it wasn't always like this<br /><br />[Bo Burnham]<br />Not very long ago, just before your time<br />Right before the towers fell, circa '99<br />This was catalogs, travel blogs, a chatroom or two<br />We set our sights and spent our nights waiting for you!<br />You, insatiable you<br />Mommy let you use her iPad; you were barely two<br />And it did all the things we designed it to do<br />Now, look at you! Oh, look at you!<br />You, you! Unstoppable, watchable<br />Your time is now, your inside's out, honey, how you grew<br />And if we stick together, who knows what we'll do?<br />It was always the plan to put the world in your hand<br /><br />[Bo Burnham]<br />(*Laughing hysterically*)<br /><br />[Bo Burnham]<br />Could I interest you in everything all of the time?<br />A bit of everything all of the time<br />Apathy's a tragedy, and boredom is a crime<br />Anything and everything all of the time<br />Could I interest you in everything all of the time?<br />A little bit of everything all of the time<br />Apathy's a tragedy, and boredom is a crime<br />Anything and everything and anything and everything<br />And anything and everything and<br />All of the time<br /><br />Lyric video for „Welcome to the Internet“ by Bo Burnham{% endraw %}
