---
title: "Protected Against All Harm"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/C0xnEQt1wjw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "C0xnEQt1wjw"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["protected","safe","harm"]
date: "2021-10-07T15:24:14+03:00"
vid_date: "2018-11-02T11:57:26Z"
duration: "PT4M17S"
viewcount: "847"
likeCount: "92"
dislikeCount: "3"
channel: "finalcall07"
---
{% raw %}The world has become a terrible dangerous place and it has it has become so small that there is nowhere to run for safety. People are treacherous, they cheat and betray each other. Men cannot even trust their own wives any more, and that is why many men are avoiding and staying away from women. You cannot trust anybody.<br />This is nothing new. We all know how Samson was betrayed by Delilah. So, what is the solution? What shall we and our children do to survive?<br />We were warned in Jeremiah 17:5-8 &quot;Thus says the LORD,<br />            “Cursed is the man who trusts in mankind<br />            And makes flesh his strength,<br />            And whose heart turns away from the LORD.<br />      6“For he will be like a bush in the desert<br />            And will not see when prosperity comes,<br />            But will live in stony wastes in the wilderness,<br />            A land of salt without inhabitant.<br />      7“Blessed is the man who trusts in the LORD<br />            And whose trust is the LORD.<br />      8“For he will be like a tree planted by the water,<br />            That extends its roots by a stream<br />            And will not fear when the heat comes;<br />            But its leaves will be green,<br />            And it will not be anxious in a year of drought<br />            Nor cease to yield fruit.&quot;<br />Many Christian believers are familiar with this scripture, but they do not really believe it, because they are subjected to the same troubles and betrayals as the unbelievers. They do not trust in Jesus and do not find refuge in Him, because they do not follow and obey Him. <br />These people justify themselves and their sin, their unfaithfulness to Jesus. God is not fooled because He repays each man according to their deeds. Let us read further in Jeremiah 17:9-10.<br />     9“The heart is more deceitful than all else<br />            And is desperately sick;<br />            Who can understand it?<br />      10“I, the LORD, search the heart,<br />            I test the mind,<br />            Even to give to each man according to his ways,<br />            According to the results of his deeds.&quot;<br />Going to church, being religious, confessing Jesus, will not save and protect you. You need to show by your DEEDS that you trust and OBEY Him.  Get serious with God. Obey Jesus, repent and be baptized and LIVE in obedience to His words as recorded in Matthew, Mark, Luke and John.  He will give His Holy Spirit in you to teach , guide and protect you, if you TRUST, FOLLOW and OBEY Him.<br />God protects those trust Him, those who follow and obey Jesus. He keeps them from harm and keeps their feet from stumbling, but all sinners and those who disobey Jesus will perish. You can run, but you cannot hide..<br />There is only one safe place and that is to trust, follow and obey Jesus. Are you following Jesus or are you living in fear and anxiety because you know that you are doomed?<br />May Jesus bless you.<br /><br />Jesus Christ is alive and hell is real. I am here to introduce you to Jesus Christ so that you can know Him, follow Him and have eternal life. Subscribe to my channel  to learn more about Jesus.<br />May Jesus bless you<br /><br /><br />WITNESS FOR JESUS!<br />Visit me at: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.finalcall07.com">http://www.finalcall07.com</a><br />email: finalcall07@gmail.com{% endraw %}
