---
title: "Windows 10 - Selecting Multiple Files - How To Select All - File and Folder on Laptop - Photos in PC"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/fzsV_n_L7sE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "fzsV_n_L7sE"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["professor adam morgan","how to select multiple files on windows","how to select multiple files on windows 10"]
date: "2021-10-18T21:42:27+03:00"
vid_date: "2017-07-06T05:12:41Z"
duration: "PT3M14S"
viewcount: "126858"
likeCount: "1677"
dislikeCount: "137"
channel: "Professor Adam Morgan"
---
{% raw %}In this tutorial I show you how to select and deselect files using Windows 10. I show shortcuts to select multiple windows and files at the same time, and then enter and delete folders and files. This tutorial is intended for beginners who are new to computers or windows 10.<br /><br />My goal is to provide you with the best learning experience possible, for all beginners of technology. Please see a list of topics below that my various playlists cover, and don't forget to like and subscribe!<br /><br />Computer Fundamentals:<br />Computer Case Types - Dell Inspiron AMD 3656<br />Printer Ports and Types<br />The Boot Up Process<br />How to Get Your Computer Questions Answered<br />Undo Your Mistakes on Windows 10 or Apple Mac<br />Routers vs. Modems<br />What is the Cloud? Storage as a Service<br />Types of Internet Services on Google Android or Apple iPhone<br />Browsing the Web<br />Why Use the Cloud?<br />Microsoft OneDrive - Creating Uploading Downloading and Syncing<br />Explain the Importance of File Management<br />Troubleshoot Common Computer Problems<br /><br />Windows 10:<br />Perform Basic Mouse Operations<br />Create Folders<br />Explore the Windows 10 Desktop, Taskbar, and Start Menu<br />Select Multiple Files and Folders<br /><br /><br />Word 2016:<br />Create a New Document and Insert Text<br />Insert and Format Graphics<br />Insert and Modify Text Boxes<br />Create a Table<br />Format a Table<br />Present a Word Document Online<br />Create a Research Paper in MLA Format<br />Insert Footnotes in a Research Paper<br />Create Citations and a Bibliography<br />Save a Document<br />Correct Errors as You Type<br />How to Format a Document in APA Format<br />Convert Word Document to a PDF File<br />Microsoft Office Specialist Certification Exam Practice Study Guide<br />APA Format from Default Formatting<br />Table of Contents Tutorial<br />Format Paragraphs<br /><br />Excel 2016:<br />Create, Save, and Navigate an Excel Workbook<br />Enter Data in a Worksheet<br />How do you Export Access to Excel and Apply Conditional Formatting<br />Use Flash Fill, SUM, Average, Median, and MAX Functions and Formulas<br />Move Data and Rotate Text<br />Graph Data with a Pie Chart<br />Format a Pie Chart<br />MOS Prep - Basic Certification Exam Practice Study Guide<br />Change Fonts, Font Style, and Font Color<br />The NOW Function<br />Export Excel Spreadsheet to Access Table<br />The Vlookup Function<br />The MIN or MINIMUM Function<br />Histogram Charts<br />Use the Sum Button to Sum a Range of Cells<br /><br />Access 2016:<br />Identify Good Database Design<br />Create a Table and Define Fields in a Blank Desktop Database<br />The Primary Key<br />Import Excel Spreadsheet into Access<br />Create a Table in Design View<br />Modify the Structure of a Table<br />Create a Subform<br />MOS Prep - Basic Certification Exam Practice Study Guide<br />Add Existing Fields to a Form<br /><br />PowerPoint 2016:<br />Create a New Presentation<br />Edit a Presentation in Normal View<br />Add Pictures to a Presentation<br />Format Numbered and Bulleted Lists<br />Customize Slide Backgrounds and Themes<br />Animate a Slide Show<br />Apply a Theme Used in Another Presentation<br /> <br />Outlook 2016<br />Basic Tutorial<br /><br />YouTube Analytics:<br />100 Subscribers<br />200 Subscribers<br />300 Subscribers<br /><br />Job Search Skills:<br />Values, Attitude, and Goals<br />Top 5 Job Search Websites<br />Prepare For Your Interview<br />Negotiating Your Salary<br /><br />Video Requests:<br />Download GMetrix Test Preparation Software<br /><br />Remember, the goal of my channel is for you to learn. You can request a video at any time in the comment section, and I will make the video for you. I will make tutorials and simulations and demos for whatever you'd like to learn in our class. So, I encourage you to make a request. I also YouTube Live Stream once a week to answer your questions!<br /><br />Instructor A Morgan{% endraw %}
