---
title: "10 Most Dangerous Bugs In The World"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/AgednR9-4xg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "AgednR9-4xg"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["Top","Best","education"]
date: "2021-10-27T01:43:00+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-10-26T02:56:43Z"
duration: "PT11M4S"
viewcount: "6925"
likeCount: "429"
dislikeCount: "8"
channel: "Top 5 Best"
---
{% raw %}10 Most Dangerous Bugs In The World<br /><br />If you're new, Subscribe! → <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://goo.gl/djmfuX">http://goo.gl/djmfuX</a><br /><br />For copyright queries or general inquiries please get in touch: top5bestbusiness@gmail.com<br /><br />Sources: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://pastebin.com/EdnJdhmX">https://pastebin.com/EdnJdhmX</a><br /><br />Top 5 Best is the #1 place for all your heart warming stories about amazing people that will inspire you everyday. Make sure to subscribe and never miss a single video!<br /><br />#viralstory #amazingpeople #top5best<br /><br /><br />10 Most Dangerous Bugs In The World<br /><br />We always talk about huge animals and about how dangerous they can be. After all, no one wants to be chased by a cheetah or get bitten by a huge snake. But have you ever considered that perhaps the most dangerous thing out there is not so easy to see? Maybe it’s even smaller than your thumb, or your pinky. And if that’s the case, then we’re probably talking about an insect. Yup. Insects can be the most dangerous creatures out there. And in today’s video, we’ll be looking at the “10 Most Dangerous Bugs in The World.” You might never get to see a lot of these in real life, but that doesn’t mean they’re not around you!  At least you’ll know more about them so you can be a little more cautious. The number one dangerous bug can be so dangerous that it will mess up your whole immune system. So we better find out more about it before it’s too late.<br /><br />Bullet Ant<br /><br />What’s so bad about ants? These hardworking animals are harmless. If anything, we humans are the ones who can be dangerous to them when we stop on them without even noticing. But not all ants are harmless. And I guess you kinda have an idea if you’ve ever encountered a red ant. Yeah, getting bitten by angry ants is no fun, but nothing can be as bad as the bite from not only the largest but also the strongest ant of them all. It’s the bullet ant! This huge insect is mostly found in the rainforests of Nicaragua and Paraguay, so if you like to explore the jungle...then you better be careful when you explore it in these countries. They say that getting bitten by a bullet ant is like getting shot - which I guess makes sense considering the name of the insect. But that’s not all! They also say that the sting of a bullet ant is at least 30 times more painful than that of a wasp or a honey bee. It could cause you a full day of pain so I’m sure no one would like to encounter this insect in the wild. <br /><br />Botfly<br /><br />I guess no one is interested in the idea of having their body become the host of a large group of insects. We don’t want bugs on our skin, or inside our bodies...The simple thought of it is gross! Insects should stay out and away from our bodies. Period. But sometimes that’s a bit difficult, especially if we find ourselves near botflies. Believe it or not, this despicable insect can lay its eggs beneath your skin and live underneath it for more than 60 days. Can you imagine that? Having flies right under your skin without you even noticing!? Well, you might start noticing something is wrong once the larvae start moving.  The good thing is that once the larvae’s development is complete, they will leave your body. That is relieving...I guess. But I don’t think I would be able to sleep again after going through something like that.  <br /><br />Fleas<br /><br />And just like with any other insect, you wouldn’t think something as small as a flea can be so powerful. But when you realize that they can suck your blood, you know it’s best to keep them away from your skin. The thing is, fleas are external parasites. And if you don’t kick them out, they will feed on your system. And humans are not the only beings they like to attack. They also suck the blood of birds, reptiles, and plenty of other wild and domestic animals. They cause itchy spots and every female flea can lay around 2000 eggs within a life span, which means that they can multiply quite easily. And if you’re bitten by one of them, you’ll know! They are usually around the waist, knee, and elbow area and if their bites are left untreated, they could lead to infections. <br /><br />Fire Ants<br /><br />And once again, we’re back to the power of ants. This time we have the fire ants. To be honest, I can’t decide if these are more dangerous than the bullet ants. Even though the pain caused by fire ants is probably not as strong as the one caused by the bullet ants, this one will last for weeks! And you’re probably most likely to find a fire ant before you find a bullet ant since there are around 285 different species of fire ants all over the world! Once you disturb them, they will come at you and sting you repeatedly and if you get one of those white pustules they cause... then you’ll probably be stuck with that for quite a while. Now, something you can learn from these ants is the power of teamwork. You’ll never see these ants working by themselves. When they decide to attack, they will come together in groups of tens or even hundreds of ants!{% endraw %}
