---
title: "10 MOST Dangerous Bugs That Will Kill You"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/oVBK7XhqpaM\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "oVBK7XhqpaM"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["10B","top","factfile"]
date: "2021-09-20T17:17:10+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-09-20T03:11:17Z"
duration: "PT9M39S"
viewcount: "1745"
likeCount: "231"
dislikeCount: "7"
channel: "10B"
---
{% raw %}10 MOST Dangerous Bugs That Will Kill You<br /><br />➤ Welcome to 10B, your #1 place for all your amazing videos that will inspire you everyday. So make sure to SUBSCRIBE and never miss a video!<br /><br />➤ SUBSCRIBE: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSNULArGuvbKyOlSwxsUh3g?sub_confirmation=1">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSNULArGuvbKyOlSwxsUh3g?sub_confirmation=1</a><br /><br /><br />If wild animals scare you more than bugs and insects, then we are here to change your mind. do you know many insect stings can cause many deadly diseases? Without proper treatment, some bites may even result in death. Wild animals may be more dangerous but small bugs are the ones that live around you and you are more likely to become their victim them any wild animal. Here is the list of the 10 most dangerous bugs that can kill you. Number 1 is the reason for 25 million deaths, so stay tuned for that! <br />Number 10.) Black Widow<br />Let’s start with one of the most dangerous spiders out there. The widow spider looks like a spider out of some anime. In the US, you will find them in the Northwest, in Southwestern states along the Mexican border, in the heartland and the South ranging from Ohio to the gulf, and in the Northeast. So… you know, kind of all over the place. The black widow is responsible for more than 2,500 visits to poison control centers every year in the U.S. The body of the female is about 1 inch (2.5 cm) long. The male spider is rarely seen because it is often killed and eaten by the female after mating. That’s why this species is aptly named. In addition to the hourglass design, the male often has pairs of red and white stripes on the sides of the abdomen. Black widow’s bite, which may feel like a pinprick on the skin, often produces severe muscle pain and cramping, nausea, and mild paralysis of the diaphragm, which makes breathing difficult. Most victims recover without serious complications, though. But it can get worse for children if not treated within 24 hours. No deaths have been attributed to bites by widow spiders in the United States.<br />Number 9.)The Indian red scorpion <br />This is the deadliest species of scorpions in the world. The nocturnal predator is native to India and is rarely found outside of Eastern Nepal, Eastern Pakistan, and Sri Lanka. Indian red scorpions lie in wait for their prey, grab the passing victim with their pincers and then sting with their tail before feasting on their dying meal. The venom liquefies the prey’s insides, which can then be digested by the scorpion. The remaining body parts are cast aside. Insects and other small invertebrates are the typical food source for these scorpions. Some small vertebrates, such as lizards, can also become their prey. These scorpions measure 3 inches (or 7.5 cm) in size, but pose a particularly high threat in their native lands, due to their tendency to live around humans. Since immediate health care might not always be available in remote Indian villages, death isn’t uncommon after a sting. The deadly neurotoxin rTamapin works quickly to block potassium channels in the body, causing rhythmic fluctuations in blood and death in less than 72 hours if left untreated. Children are the main targets for their tendency to run outside barefoot.<br />Number 8.) Cone snail<br />A snail is likely not high on most people's lists of dangerous animals. However, this little guy has made it to the list of most dangerous creatures on the planet. Cone snails are only 3-5 inches (10-15cm) long and look quite innocent, but a single drop of their venom is said to be enough to kill 20 humans! If you are an enthusiastic shell collector, we recommend you handle these fellows with care. Cone snails don’t aggressively chase their prey, but rather harpoon it with hollow teeth and inject lethal venom through. Cone snails can be met in the deep reef waters all the way from the Indian and Pacific oceans to the Caribbean and Red seas and also along the coast of Florida, but the ones lurking in the Indo-Pacific region tend to have more harmful toxin than others. We recommend not to try your luck anywhere with these creatures though: the nickname for “cigarette snail” derives from the fact that after a sting, you’ll have just enough time to smoke a cigarette before you die!{% endraw %}
