---
title: "One More! (song for kids about identifying the # that is \"ONE MORE\")"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Du6JHupzwVo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Du6JHupzwVo"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["one more","1 more","to the right"]
date: "2021-10-26T14:43:57+03:00"
vid_date: "2017-10-31T10:56:12Z"
duration: "PT4M8S"
viewcount: "619571"
likeCount: "1424"
dislikeCount: "344"
channel: "Harry Kindergarten Music"
---
{% raw %}WWW.HARRYKINDERGARTENMUSIC.COM<br />...or find me on Teachers Pay Teachers!<br />www.teacherspayteachers.com/Store/Harry-­­Kindergarten-Music<br />HARRY KINDERGARTEN MUSIC, LLC<br />Hip educational songs &amp; videos for the K-2 Classroom!<br /><br />Song: ONE MORE!<br />Educational Content: This song emphasizes that when you go to the right (on a number line, number train, etc.) you always get MORE.  In the verses, children practice identifying what number would be ONE MORE than the given #.  For each number, children do a different body movement to the right.  <br /><br />Buy! *www.harrykindergartenmusic.com<br />Buy! *www.teacherspayteachers.com/Store/Harry­­-Kindergarten-Music<br />Watch! *youtube.com/harrykindergarten<br />Discuss! * facebook.com/groups/harrykindergarten<br />Tweet! * twitter.com/harrykmusic<br />Logo Merchandise! * cafepress.com/harrykindergarten<br />Pledge! *patreon.com/harrykindergarten<br />Email! *pete@harrykindergartenmusic.com<br /><br />HARRY KINDERGARTEN MUSIC FREEBIES:<br />This song is a FREEBIE. You can stream it for free on YouTube, but also buy it at my website. I am already offering 60+ of my hip educational songs/videos on YouTube FOR FREE at youtube.com/harrykindergarten. Enjoy them, utilize them, and share them! I am a current full-time Kindergarten teacher so I know what it's like to be looking around for quality content in my classroom! You can ALSO purchase the raw video file and/or audio file of those 60+ songs at my website (if you need them for some reason) or at Teachers Pay Teachers. I will continue to make freebie videos (ones you can just stream on YouTube for free) periodically, so continue to check back to see if I've posted any. <br /><br />*Please DO NOT rip any of my videos off of YouTube and upload them to your YouTube channel. I want the Harry Kindergarten Music channel to be the hotspot for these videos, not random teachers' channels who happened to illegally take them off of mine. If you really want to have a playlist of them, create a playlist from MY channel or purchase them on my website so you have the raw files. THANKS FOR UNDERSTANDING!<br /><br />Q: Do you speak at conferences?<br />A: Yes! My ability to speak at teacher conferences during the school year is &quot;tight&quot; because I am currently a classroom teacher and only have a set number of personal days. However, the SUMMER time is wide-open and I'd love to come to your conference and do a session/seminar! Some of the topics I've typically spoken to teachers about include music and technology in the classroom, classroom management, running a creative morning meeting, and utilizing YouTube in the early childhood classroom. Email me at pete@harrykindergartenmusic.com to make a speaking request.<br /><br />Q: Can my class perform a &quot;Harry Kindergarten song&quot; for an audience?<br />A: If you desire to have your class or group of students perform one of my “Harry Kindergarten” songs for an audience, please note that there is a $6.00 PERFORMANCE FEE.<br /><br />Here are some hypothetical examples of performance groups:<br />* Students perform a song for an audience during a graduation ceremony.<br />* Students perform a song for an audience during a school or community talent show.<br />* Students perform a song for an audience during a school assembly.<br />If you are unsure if you need to purchase a performance license or not, please inquire at: pete@harrykindergartenmusic.com. If you want more details about using a song multiple years or multiple classes, etc., e-mail me for a detailed PDF file. <br /><br />$6.00 can be sent to:<br />Harry Kindergarten Music, LLC<br />508 Stewart Street<br />Bellwood, PA 16617{% endraw %}
