---
title: "🙏 PRAYER TO GET MONEY OWED TO YOU: MAKE SOMEONE WHO OWES YOU MONEY PAY YOU FAST"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/lvFfp8dUpf8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "lvFfp8dUpf8"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["prayer for someone who owes you money","prayer to get money from someone","prayer to make someone pay you"]
date: "2021-11-08T03:26:46+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-08-24T18:27:45Z"
duration: "PT8M2S"
viewcount: "18845"
likeCount: "1033"
dislikeCount: "10"
channel: "Love Magic Works"
---
{% raw %}Now we will leave you a strong prayer to get your money back.<br /><br />Definitely, it has happened to all of us or it happens to us that we do not find many obstacles when it comes to recovering the money. For whatever reason they owe us and it is understandable that we despair when that happens after all the money.<br /><br />Money is what allows us to put bread on our family's table, so you don't play around with that. And much less is not lost just because someone did not feel like giving us back what is ours.<br /><br />That is why today we bring you a very powerful prayer for someone who owes you money. If they owe you and they do not want to pay you, say this prayer to make someone pay you and you will get your money back fast.<br /><br />And above all without problems and you can move on without having debts that burden you because they do not want to honor you.<br /><br />This prayer for money owed to me, you must say it as calmly as you can, you must take your time. And what is better you have to offer it with all the faith that you can have within your heart.<br /><br />Even if it is the size of a mustard seed so that everything goes well for you. Do not forget that it is a prayer considered by the Church as very powerful.<br /><br />And above all very efficient when it comes to achieving the expected objectives through it. You can use the prayer to get money from husband or someone else.<br /><br />The Gospels document two versions of this prayer: a longer version in Matthew's Sermon on the Mount, and a shorter version in Luke's Gospel, when “one of his disciples said to him, 'Lord, teach us to pray, as John said to his disciples' ». (NRSV) Luke 11: 1. The Mathean version, delivered by Jesus early in his ministry in Galilee, and the Lucan version, delivered a year later, &quot;quite possibly in Judea,&quot; according to the Lutheran theologian Harold Buls. 1.<br /><br />The first three of Matthew's seven requests address God, while the remaining four address human needs and concerns. The requests &quot;Thy will be done&quot; and &quot;Rescue us from evil&quot; (or &quot;Deliver us from evil&quot;) appear only in Matthew's account. The adjective epiousios appears in both original Greek texts; Although it is debatable, &quot;regular&quot; has become the most popular translation of this phrase in Spanish. Protestants often end the sentence with a doxology, which is a later addition found in some manuscripts of Matthew.{% endraw %}
