---
title: "Helicopter Ground School Lessons, Show Up Prepared"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/26n4h5IwitA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "26n4h5IwitA"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["School (Building Function)","Ground","Flying"]
date: "2021-11-09T15:58:24+03:00"
vid_date: "2015-07-26T18:55:10Z"
duration: "PT3M17S"
viewcount: "799"
likeCount: "8"
dislikeCount: "1"
channel: "Helicopter Online Ground School"
---
{% raw %}Click Here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://helicopterground.kajabi.com/sp/8703-helicopter-online-ground-school">http://helicopterground.kajabi.com/sp/8703-helicopter-online-ground-school</a><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://helicopterground.com">http://helicopterground.com</a><br />Helicopter Ground School Lessons, Show Up Prepared<br /> I had a Commercial Helicopter Pilot show up for CFI Helicopter  Ground School Training with no flight bag, books, E6B computer, cross country plotter, a notebook, or anything.  I asked him if he was ready to work on his Helicopter Instructor Rating Ground School? He said yes! I said, where is your bag? He replied, what bag? I said the bag your going to carry all your stuff in. He said I do not have one. <br />I then asked where is your Rotorcraft Flying Handbook and you FAR/Aim Manual? He said The Helicopter flying handbook may be in the car. Not sure where the Far/aim is at. Not really ready for Helicopter Ground School.<br /><br />This guy was going for his Certified Flight Instructor Rating, and he did good and ended up getting it. But here was a guy with a Commercial Helicopter Rating wanting to do the CFI Helicopter Ground School and didn't show up ready to go. <br /><br />So what I ant to show you here is. This cool old bag a friend of mine gave me 15 years ago. It's traveled with me all over the United States. I have always had it with me for Helicopter Ground School. It has been in tons of aircraft. It even survived the Helicopter Crash I was in. It got tossed out on the ramp, we will tell more about that story later. <br /><br />The point I need to make is get yourself a flight bag. You can start with a small bag. Then as you continue with your Helicopter Training Online Ground School and Helicopter Career you can move up to a larger one. If you go for a Instrument Helicopter Rating or a CFI Check-Ride you are going to be carrying a ton of stuff with you. Lots of stuff for Helicopter Ground School.<br /><br />I remember going for my Helicopter Instrument Rating Online Ground School with my arms full of stuff. The Examiner stated, &quot;That's what instrument and CFI Check-Rides should look like&quot; <br /><br />Bottom line, from the beginning of your Helicopter Training Online Ground School &amp; Lessons, get yourself a bag and carry all your books with you. Get yourself some markers and highlighters. Pens and pencils. And get your self a decent notebook. <br /><br />When you go to your Helicopter Online Ground School Lessons, always have all your stuff with you even if you only plan to fly! Even if the weather is bad, you can still do Helicopter Ground School!<br /><br />You have your time scheduled. Maybe you get to the airport and the aircraft does not start. If you have your stuff sit down with your Helicopter Instructor and do some Online Ground School. <br /><br />That's one reason I am doing this Helicopter Online Ground School. I have helped alot of people that maybe didn't get the best Helicopter Instruction somewhere else. In 20 years I have seen lots of different mistakes people make. I'm am here to fill the void in Helicopter Onine Ground School Lessons and Training! New Helicopter Training You Tube Channel!<br />Helicopter Ground School Training Lessons, Show Up Prepared{% endraw %}
