---
title: "999Hz 90Hz 9Hz. Spiritual Energy Shield. Golden shield to protect you. Angel number frequency."
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Vd1fb5N0hdA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Vd1fb5N0hdA"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["MeditationMusic","Relaxing","Healing"]
date: "2021-11-09T22:50:53+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-05-09T02:00:11Z"
duration: "PT3H33M33S"
viewcount: "2441594"
likeCount: "58716"
dislikeCount: "1193"
channel: "Healing Meditation"
---
{% raw %}999Hz 90Hz 9Hz. Spiritual Energy Shield. Golden shield to protect you. Angel number frequency.<br /><br />★ Introduction to This Music ★<br /><br /> This meditation music will help you with your meditation background music. Crafted with angel number frequencies, it will create a golden energy shield around you and protect you. It will protect you from negative energy and keep you around with bright energy. As you meditate, what you imagine affects the energy dimension. <br /><br /> The music is produced in a chorus voice tone of angels and is characterized by a relaxed and strong rhythm and will receive powerful healing energy during deep relaxation.<br />During meditation, it will remove the negative energy of the subconscious mind, boost the positive energy, and help your meditation time more efficiently.<br /><br />--------------------------------------------------------------------- ♡<br /><br />▶ Track information.<br />Composer : Dahye<br />Release a Album : Spiritual Energy Shield<br />Title : Spiritual Energy Shield<br />ⓒ 2020 Healing Meditation™. All Rights Reserved.<br /><br />▶  Video description.<br />The elements of this video were legally purchased from Shutterstock and Videoblocks and re-edited in our unique style.<br />Reuse of all this Channel  Video &amp; images is prohibited.<br />Healing Meditation channel is a channel for meditation music by composer Dahye.  <br />▷ You can see Dahye on the video intro.<br /><br />▶ Device &amp; Program Information.<br /><br />- Digital Audio Workstation (DAW)<br />  Cubase 10 Pro<br /><br />- Video Production <br />  Adobe After Effects 2020 <br /><br />- Camera<br />  CANON EOS 200D, Galaxy Note9<br /><br />- Mike<br />  Infrasonic UFO Pro  <br /><br />- Master keyboard<br />  NEKTAR IMPACT GX49 <br /><br />--------------------------------------------------------------------- ♡<br /><br />★  Introduction to Healing Meditation Music ★ <br /><br />Healing Meditation produces meditation music with AN frequency. Meditation music of healing meditation will help your life, meditation and reality positively. Have a peaceful and happy time.<br /><br />※ What is healing meditation's AN Frequency.<br /><br />AN frequency is short for Angel Number Frequency.<br />Meditation Music of healing meditation uses consecutive numbers from 1 to 9 numbers. Meditation is a total of nine different frequency types. <br />A series of numbers contains a spiritual message, and in ancient Egypt it was said that the message was received in a similar way. Successive numbers contain spiritual messages, and each frequency meditation music of healing meditation will guide your reality in a positive direction.<br /><br />- 11Hz 111Hz 1111Hz : <br />   Confirm guardian angels.<br />   Positive energy of the guardian angel.<br /><br />- 22Hz 222Hz 2222Hz : <br />   Energy of life, Balanced in life.<br />   Health of Body and Mind.<br /><br />- 33Hz 333Hz 3333Hz : <br />   Ability improvement, wisdom of life.<br />   Relieve pain.<br /><br />- 44Hz 444Hz 4444Hz : <br />   Overcoming fear, liberating guilt,<br />   Cleansing for Negative Energy.<br /><br />- 55Hz 5555Hz 5555Hz :  <br />  Positive change, future creation.<br />  Soul Reset, Return to pure soul.<br /><br />- 66Hz 666Hz 6666Hz :  <br />  Balance of matter and spirituality.<br /><br />- 77Hz 777Hz 7777Hz :  <br />  The beginning of spiritual awakening, <br />  Spiritual Big Bang.<br /><br />- 88Hz 888Hz 8888Hz:  <br />   receive unexpected rewards, <br />   positive abundance.<br /><br />- 99Hz 999Hz 9999Hz :  <br />   Highest frequency of spiritual light.<br /><br />*   Zero frequency :<br />The zero frequency is thought to have the effect of adding “O” zero to the AN frequency, thereby amplifying the influence of the intrinsic number.<br /><br /><br />★ Types to Healing Meditation Music. ★<br /><br />※ Body Meditation Music<br />   - Body health recovery.<br />   - Natural healing power recovery.<br />   - Body detox.<br />   - Body energy balance.<br /><br />※ Mind Meditation Music<br />   - Negative emotion removal.<br />   - Remove stress.<br />   - Peace of mind.<br />   - Balance of mind<br /><br />※  Soul meditation music<br />   - Spiritual detoxification.<br />   - Spiritual development.<br />   - Spiritual energy balance.<br /><br />※  Energy rising meditation music.<br />   - Home, office energy rise.<br /><br />--------------------------------------------------------------------- ♡<br />▶ About of composer Dahey.<br />Artist DAHYE is a meditator, a meditative music composer.<br />Genres are usually relaxation, healing, meditation and spirituality.<br /><br />▶ Follow Official page.<br />-  Website: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://sites.google.com/site/healingmeditationbydahye">https://sites.google.com/site/healingmeditationbydahye</a><br />-  Twitter : <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/HealingMeditat3">https://twitter.com/HealingMeditat3</a><br />-  Youtube: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/c/HealingMeditation">https://www.youtube.com/c/HealingMeditation</a><br /><br />▶Healing Meditation Music Download<br />-  ITUNES: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://itunes.apple.com/kr/artist/dahye/1464089801">https://itunes.apple.com/kr/artist/dahye/1464089801</a><br />-  CDBABY: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://store.cdbaby.com/Artist/Dahye">https://store.cdbaby.com/Artist/Dahye</a><br />-  Spotify : <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://open.spotify.com/artist/2ZQfqB7WXjmXxZWYnwmzJf">https://open.spotify.com/artist/2ZQfqB7WXjmXxZWYnwmzJf</a><br /><br />▶ Related hashtags:<br />#MeditationMusic #Meditation #999Hz<br /><br />--------------------------------------------------------------------- ♡<br />© All Music are copyrighted to Healing Meditation YouTube Channel by Dahye.{% endraw %}
