---
title: "THIS QUIZ IMPROVE YOUR IQ LEVEL : FIND ANYONE BUT NOT NAYMAR JR ?? FOOTBALL QUIZ  HARD LEVEL 1,2,3"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/UP7WVxrTzW0\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "UP7WVxrTzW0"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["football quiz","quiz football","quiz"]
date: "2021-10-25T22:46:22+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-10-25T13:30:10Z"
duration: "PT5M5S"
viewcount: "4125"
likeCount: "36"
dislikeCount: "4"
channel: "POPULAR"
---
{% raw %}This quiz improve Your focus and IQ Level<br /><br />find odd one out<br />find and spot <br />find nymar<br />iq quiz<br />quiz iq<br /><br />Football is the most popular sport in the world<br />There are more than 265 million players in the world, and an estimated 4 billion people are actively watching the sport from time to time, which without a doubt makes it the most popular sport in the world. <br /><br />It was invented in China around 476 B.C<br />Today it might be unimaginable that football is thought to have originated in China, considering that their national team currently is ranked only at 86th place in the FIFA World Ranking.<br /><br />But most experts agree that the original sport was invented sometime around 476 BC in China, where it was known as Cuju. Later throughout history, there has been a wide range of various ball games in Ancient Greece, the Mayan Empire, and England just to mention a few. <br /><br />More than 3.5 billion people watch the FIFA World Cup<br />The FIFA World Cup is the world’s most-watched sports event and the estimated number of people who watched the latest World Cup is set to a little more than 3.5 billion people, which was a new record.<br /><br /> An estimated 1 billion people watched the FIFA World Cup final between France and Croatia, where France was the victorious team.<br /><br />Sheffield F.C. is the oldest football club in the world<br />Sheffield F.C is the oldest professional football club in the world and it was founded in 1857. The club is currently playing in the Northern Premier League Division One South East.<br /><br />A football game is 90 minutes + stoppage time<br />A professional game is always 90 minutes long divided into two halves of 45 minutes + stoppage time. The stoppage time is usually between 1 to 5 minutes depending on injuries and breaks in each half of the game. <br /><br />The fastest goal ever scored took only 2.4 seconds<br />Nawaf Al-Abed scored after just 2.4 seconds and is usually credited the fastest goal ever scored. There are quite many examples of players who have scored within the first five seconds.<br /><br />The majority of footballs are manufactured in Pakistan<br />Sialkot in Pakistan is famous for making the balls for FIFA World Cup since 1982. And some of the best balls are manufactured by hand-stitching in Pakistan. Adidas balls are for example made here and other high-quality balls. <br /><br />Only 8 countries have won the World Cup<br />The Fifa World Cup has been ongoing every fourth year since 1930, and despite 21 tournaments being played since the first one in Uruguay, only 8 different countries have won the tournament. <br /><br />Brazil has won the FIFA World Cup 5 times, which makes it the most successful national team of all times. <br /><br /><br />Music Credit :- Youtube Audio Library<br /><br />#footballquiz#quiz#naymar#iqquiz<br /><br />Thanks For Watching{% endraw %}
