---
title: "FASTENED (feat. Anthem) - Krissy Nordhoff (Official Lyric Video)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/eoFLWPl0hAI\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "eoFLWPl0hAI"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["grant solomon","krissy nordhoff","fastened"]
date: "2021-10-22T03:11:24+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-02-20T15:30:15Z"
duration: "PT4M47S"
viewcount: "678"
likeCount: "23"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "Krissy Nordhoff"
---
{% raw %}Available anywhere you find music on February 26, 2021.<br /><br />Apple Music - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://music.apple.com/us/album/fastened-feat-anthem-single/1552248318">https://music.apple.com/us/album/fastened-feat-anthem-single/1552248318</a><br />iTunes - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://music.apple.com/us/album/fastened-feat-anthem-single/1552248318">https://music.apple.com/us/album/fastened-feat-anthem-single/1552248318</a><br /><br />Lyrics...<br /><br />FASTENED <br />By Krissy Nordhoff<br /><br />Verse 1<br />The only truth that I can rest in <br />Is your word<br />The only hope that brings me comfort<br />Your promise<br />The only strength that gives me refuge<br />Is your name <br />Your name<br /><br />Chorus<br />My heart is fastened <br />To heaven <br />This imperfect world will fade<br />But I'm anchored to the rock of ages<br /><br />Verse 2<br />The only peace that can sustain me<br />Is your voice<br />The only grace that I can lean on <br />Your goodness<br />The only power that can save me<br />Is your love<br />Your love<br /><br />Bridge<br />You have all my trust<br />Despite my understanding<br />I'll never lose faith<br />Despite my earthy feelings<br />I just get homesick<br />I just get homesick<br /><br />FASTENED Devotional<br />by Krissy Nordhoff<br /><br />Psalm 119:81 <br />I’m lovesick with yearnings for more of your salvation for my heart is entwined with your word.  <br /><br />Psalm 119:89 <br />Standing firm in the heavens and fastened to eternity is the word of God.  <br /><br />Psalm 119: 96<br />I’ve learned that there is nothing perfect in this imperfect world except your words, for they bring such fantastic freedom into my life!  <br /><br />I began Psalming through Psalm 119 in the Passion while we were on a family trip.  It was one of my first adventures psalming with my dulcimer.  As I went through, there were several things that stood out to me, that rang true in my heart.  But my favorite word by far in this chapter is the word “fastened.”  It caught hold of me and I couldn’t let it go.  I felt like that was the perfect description of how my heartfelt about heaven.  I started shaping a new song from that thought, and really could only settle on the chorus.  I tucked it away.<br /><br />A couple of months later, I got a text from my 18-year-old son saying “I think my friend Solomon got killed.”  I began to walk him through what ended up being a very tough day.  He drove an hour to meet up with this family and all his friends to hear what was going on.  Grant Solomon went to heaven that day.<br /><br />That evening, all the kids met up and we worshipped with them on the school lawn.  It was the first time we would see a rainbow, which continued every day until his memorial, a full week.  <br />But as we cried and prayed, I heard Grant’s mom, Angie.  She was crying from such a deep place, and it wrecked me.  <br /><br />The next morning, I pulled this song back out.  It was time.  I translated what I felt in Angie’s cries, and wrote this song for her and Grant.  <br /><br />I had a really hard time deciding when would be best to share it with her.  My husband Eric randomly posted it one day, 5 months or so later, when I sang it at a writer’s round for the first time.  I texted Angie until midnight that night, as she told me her birthday was that next day, and she had been needing to hear from the Lord.  So this song became a birthday gift for her, really from the Lord and Grant.  <br /><br />I have a feeling someone else may need to hear this encouragement today too.  This world will fade, we are fastened to heaven.  If you’re feeling homesick, it’s ok.{% endraw %}
