---
title: "My Fair Lady (1964) - I've Grown Accustomed to Her Face"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/kuoH6VT5Yhs\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "kuoH6VT5Yhs"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["(1964)","Grown","Accustomed"]
date: "2021-10-19T22:19:59+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-06-20T20:58:10Z"
duration: "PT5M"
viewcount: "38318"
likeCount: "610"
dislikeCount: "10"
channel: "TV Streaming World"
---
{% raw %}Buy/Rent - My Fair Lady (1964) / Amazon: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://amzn.to/37ywKJc">https://amzn.to/37ywKJc</a><br />Or <br />Amazon Prime Members have multiple FREE movies : Amazon: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://amzn.to/2zOb3Iw">https://amzn.to/2zOb3Iw</a><br /><br />Plot<br />In London, Professor Henry Higgins, a scholar of phonetics, believes that the accent and tone of one's voice determines a person's prospects in society (&quot;Why Can't the English?&quot;). At Covent Garden one evening, he meets Colonel Hugh Pickering, himself a phonetics expert who had come all the way from India to see him. Higgins boasts he could teach anyone to speak so well he could pass them off as a duke or duchess at an embassy ball, even the young woman with a strong Cockney accent named Eliza Doolittle who tries to sell them flowers. Eliza's ambition is to work in a flower shop, but her accent makes that impossible (&quot;Wouldn't It Be Loverly&quot;). The following morning, Eliza shows up at Higgins' home, seeking lessons. Pickering is intrigued and offers to cover all the attendant expenses if Higgins succeeds. Higgins agrees, and describes how women ruin lives (&quot;I'm an Ordinary Man&quot;).<br /><br />Eliza's father, Alfred P. Doolittle, a dustman, learns of his daughter's new residence (&quot;With a Little Bit of Luck&quot;). He shows up at Higgins' house three days later, ostensibly to protect his daughter's virtue, but in reality simply to extract some money from Higgins, and is bought off with £5. Higgins is impressed by the man's honesty, his natural gift for language, and especially his brazen lack of morals. Higgins recommends Alfred to a wealthy American who is interested in morality.<br /><br />Eliza endures Higgins' demanding teaching methods and treatment of her personally (&quot;Just You Wait&quot;). She makes little progress, but just as she, Higgins, and Pickering are about to give up, Eliza finally &quot;gets it&quot; (&quot;The Rain in Spain&quot;); she instantly begins to speak with an impeccable upper class accent, and is overjoyed at her breakthrough (&quot;I Could Have Danced All Night&quot;).<br /><br />As a trial run, Higgins takes her to Ascot Racecourse (&quot;Ascot Gavotte&quot;), where she makes a good impression initially, only to shock everyone by a sudden lapse into vulgar Cockney while cheering on a horse. Higgins partly conceals a grin behind his hand. At Ascot, she meets Freddy Eynsford-Hill, a young, upper-class man who becomes infatuated with her (&quot;On the Street Where You Live&quot;).<br /><br />Higgins then takes Eliza to an embassy ball for the final test, where she dances with a foreign prince. Also present is Zoltan Karpathy, a Hungarian phonetics expert trained by Higgins. After he dances with Eliza, he declares that she is a Hungarian princess.<br /><br />Afterward, Eliza's hard work is barely acknowledged, with all the praise going to Higgins (&quot;You Did It&quot;). This and his callous treatment of her, especially his indifference to her future, causes her to walk out on him, leaving him mystified by her ingratitude (&quot;Just You Wait (Reprise)&quot;). Outside, Freddy is still waiting (&quot;On the Street Where You Live (Reprise)&quot;), and greets Eliza, who is irritated by him as all he does is talk (&quot;Show Me&quot;). Eliza tries to return to her old life, but finds that she no longer fits in. She meets her father, who has been left a large fortune by the wealthy American to whom Higgins had recommended him, and is resigned to marrying Eliza's stepmother. Alfred feels that Higgins has ruined him, lamenting that he is now bound by &quot;middle-class morality&quot; (&quot;Get Me to the Church On Time&quot;). Eliza eventually ends up visiting Higgins' mother, who is outraged at her son's callous behaviour.<br /><br />The next day, Higgins finds Eliza gone and searches for her (&quot;A Hymn to Him&quot;), eventually finding her at his mother's house. Higgins attempts to talk Eliza into coming back to him. He becomes angered when she announces that she is going to marry Freddy and become Karpathy's assistant (&quot;Without You&quot;). He makes his way home, stubbornly predicting that she will come crawling back. However, he comes to the unsettling realization that she has become an important part of his life (&quot;I've Grown Accustomed to Her Face&quot;). As he listens to a recording of Eliza's voice, she reappears in the doorway behind him, turning off the recording and saying in her old Cockney accent, &quot;I washed my hands and face before I come, I did.&quot; Higgins looks surprised, then pleased, and says “Eliza ... Where the devil are my slippers?”{% endraw %}
