---
title: "Eric Trump Has A Complete Meltdown On Fox News"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/E8gcQmlPyug\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "E8gcQmlPyug"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Farron Cousins","News","Politics"]
date: "2021-09-22T16:30:10+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-09-21T13:00:13Z"
duration: "PT7M10S"
viewcount: "130465"
likeCount: "8910"
dislikeCount: "86"
channel: "Farron Balanced"
---
{% raw %}Over the weekend, Eric Trump appeared on Fox News to whine about pretty much everything imaginable, but one of the issues that has him so worked up is that he and the Trump family and their business have received &quot;subpoena after subpoena after subpoena&quot; for the past five years. He went on to claim that this is because Democrats have &quot;weaponized&quot; pretty much everything in America, which probably comes as a shock to the Democratic Party. Farron Cousins discusses little Eric's temper tantrum.<br /><br />Link - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.rawstory.com/eric-trump-fox-news-subpoena/">https://www.rawstory.com/eric-trump-fox-news-subpoena/</a><br /><br />Don't forget to like, comment, and share! And subscribe to stay connected!<br /><br />Connect with Farron on Twitter: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/farronbalanced">https://twitter.com/farronbalanced</a><br /><br />*This transcript was auto-generated. Please excuse any typos.<br /><br />Over the weekend. Eric Trump appeared on Fox news opposite host Maria. Bartiromo where Eric whined about the fact that he and his family and the Trump organization, all of them have been hit with what he described as subpoena after subpoena, after subpoena. And that was actually one of the most normal things he said. He then went on to describe a democratic party here in the United States that doesn't exist. But man, it would be great if it did. So here, ladies and gentlemen is Eric Trump in his own words, whining about quite literally everything. Take a look, <br /><br />Uh, Maria with the Democrats, the problem with the Democrats is they dig so deep that they always find themselves. And, and the reason I'm frustrated about this is every single day, since my father ran for president, my father and our entire family and our company has been under investigation every single day, Maria, we get subpoena after subpoena, after we subpoena by, I mean, they weaponize the entire system in this country. They've weaponized, the DOJ, they've weaponized, our military. They weaponized the educational system in this country. They they've weaponized the medical system in this country. The Democrats weaponize absolutely everything they can to use against their political opponents. Yeah. <br /><br />So Bina after subpoena, after subpoena G I don't know, maybe it's time for your company and your family to go on the straight and narrow, right? I mean, if you're tired of getting subpoenas for everything, maybe drop the veil of a looking like a criminal organization. Now, again, I'm not even accusing, I'm just saying you look like one with all of the people getting indicted and associating with individuals who end up in jail a lot of the time. So yeah, if you don't want to be seen as a criminal organization, maybe stop hanging out with criminals, right. Really isn't that hard, but also there's, you know, evidence that your organization has in fact engaged in criminal activity. And that's why the Trump organization has been indicted. That's why the Trump foundation was disbanded. And you and your siblings were actually barred from sitting on the board of a charity in the state of New York. <br /><br />This is not just trumped up BS. These are legit things that you were found to have done. And let's of course not forget the fact that you, Eric, uh, were the keynote at that little cancer charity, where it was revealed to Trump group overcharged, the cancer charity. So that's also on you, but let's get to the other part, right? This fictionalized version of the democratic party that apparently exists in your brain and man, how I wish it existed in real life. Right? I love how these Republicans always make the democratic party sound a lot cooler and more powerful than it actually is. So let's dissect these claims, they've weaponized, the DOJ, weaponize the DOJ, kind of like how your dad fired the people who wanted to investigate him and then tried to use the DOJ to overturn the 20, 20 election earlier this year. It's kind of, kind of like that. <br /><br />Or are we talking about a different way? Because the DOJ right now, isn't actually going after you. But in fact, the department of justice is actually defending your dad in several different lawsuits. So maybe not the best people to off, right? Because just because they have to defend your dad doesn't mean they have to give him the alias lawyers that they have on staff. They could, uh, they could easily grab some new hires, fresh out of law school folks and say, guess what? You're in charge of those. So I would advise you to not anger the DOJ right now, seeing as how your dad's future may, may hinge on them doing a good job, representing him. The next one, they've weaponized our military. <br /><br />Oh my God. The military has been weaponized. Oh Lord, what's going to happen. Next is the military going to start fighting wars? Oh dear. What the hell does that? Even they've weaponized the military, the military is a fricking weapon and no, the Democrats are not responsible for it. Yeah. They take part in it just as much as the Republicans do, but they've weaponized the military. Do you even know what the military is? Eric? God, you're dumb.{% endraw %}
