---
title: "Real Or Fake? 10 Most Terrifying Recent Discoveries!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/vLF9aLXTNaI\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "vLF9aLXTNaI"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["world list","most terrifying recent discoveries","recent discoveries"]
date: "2021-09-09T04:37:49+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-12-13T17:00:34Z"
duration: "PT11M50S"
viewcount: "543264"
likeCount: "5475"
dislikeCount: "345"
channel: "World List"
---
{% raw %}From cases of mermaids, wolf monsters, and sea freaks – all the way to a disturbing paranormal discovery of ghosts – here are ten terrifying discoveries steeped in mystery. Which ones are real and which ones are fake? Be sure to leave your guesses in the comments below!! <br /><br />Subscribe For New Videos! <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://goo.gl/UIzLeB">http://goo.gl/UIzLeB</a><br /><br />10: Mutant Mermaid<br />In a world of photoshop and trolls, it's hard to always know what's real and what's fake. Take the example of a mutant mermaid supposedly discovered in Indonesia by a group of fishermen. So far as the story goes, the mutant mermaid was captured inside of the fishermen's net. <br /><br />9: Voodoo Market<br />The images you're looking at now are supposedly from a voodoo fetish market somewhere in Africa. Right away, you can see the skulls and heads of all kinds of animals, ranging from monkeys to what appear to be hyenas.<br /><br />8: The Himalayan Yeti<br />It would be so nice to finally have some proof that there is a giant Yeti living in the Himalayas. A recent report from the BBC has revealed some of the newest information regarding the man-ape that has supposedly been living in the snowy mountains of the Himalayas for centuries.<br /><br />7: The Ugliest Fish Ever<br />Let's take a look at an alleged creature from the depths of the ocean caught near Russia. At first glance, this disgusting fish doesn't look like it could be real at all. It has eyeballs bulging out of its head as if it's the most surprised fish that has ever existed.<br /><br />6: The Chupacabra?<br />Recent photographs from Nebraska have given rise to new rumors of a Chupacabra. The photographic evidence appears to show some kind of hairy beast with huge teeth that some people are claiming is the legendary Chupacabra monster. <br /><br />5: Enormous Sea Monster<br />You may have seen the photographs circulating of a monstrous creature stranded on the beach, surrounded by a bunch of curious onlookers. And while it definitely looks like the creature is enormous, possibly over 20 feet long, the truth is that it's not. <br /><br />4: Mysterious Wolf Creature<br />Our next report is of a mysterious wolf-like creature that was shot dead in Montana and is apparently baffling experts. According to several different news reports, the United States wildlife experts have been stumped ever since photographs of the animal appeared online.<br /><br />3: The Fiji Mermaid<br />When the Fiji mermaid was first displayed in London back in 1822, most people accepted that it wasn't real. But in our current age of conspiracy lunatics, the authenticity of the Fiji mermaid has come back into question.<br /><br />2: Rare Baby Dragon<br />Believe it or not, a rare dragon has been found by scientists. This story is definitely real, it's definitely fascinating, but it's also just a play on words. This rare salamander, also known as a baby dragon, has been found in an underwater cave in Bosnia and Herzegovina, which is a country in Southeast Europe.<br /><br />1: Lincoln’s Ghost<br />Let's move away from animals and check out ghosts for our last story. William H. Mumler was an American spirit photographer who allegedly captured the ghost of Abraham Lincoln. But that's not all.<br /><br />#recentdiscoveries #terrifyingdiscoveries #realorfake #worldlist{% endraw %}
