---
title: "Diverse - Certified (With Lyrics)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/LWuYRLiAHOQ\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "LWuYRLiAHOQ"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["betty","davis","walking"]
date: "2021-09-22T02:50:08+03:00"
vid_date: "2009-05-09T21:38:58Z"
duration: "PT3M49S"
viewcount: "147224"
likeCount: "1359"
dislikeCount: "24"
channel: "MaDMadZ101"
---
{% raw %}Song: Certified<br />Artist: Diverse<br />Album: One A.M.<br />Samples: Betty Davis - Walking Up The Road<br /><br />Lots of guys been asking for lyrics to this song. I couldn't find them either so I did this vid instead. I wrote down the lyrics by listening to the track so if you have any complaints please feel free to speak up. Your comment will be greatly appreciated and then discarded.<br /><br />Lyrics:<br /><br />I dont believe you're ready for this.<br />Are you ready for this?<br />We'd like to capture your minds right now.<br />Take you a little bit higher.<br />With a little black rock.<br /><br />Rock it, rock.<br />Rock it, rock.<br />Rock is so...<br />Yo,<br /><br />Rock is so neo for my people. This cerebral law, bleed and fought.<br />Brought on by my alter ego, I halt like the desert eagle.<br />We talk the crust feeble minded motherfuckers<br />Uncover they glis' 'cause it's not on your wrist.<br />Givin' you somethin' to twist up,<br />Lift up and breath in, I let it resonate. <br />Elevate you like smoke that broke through heaven's gate. <br />Some estimate that I can take it wherever it leaves me.<br />This ain't easy but I'm steady gettin' my elbows greasy,<br />Puttin' my back in it.<br />Accent it with facts in it. This a reality.<br />Radically left wing and my next, breedin' with sex.<br />Gs and inanimate objects, with prospects and movements.<br />Supreme, you said yourself. Who else would I represent?<br />While time leavin' evidence, I'm conceivin' the head of it.<br />Receivement try to see me at eye to eye level.<br />With 6 shots pumpin' plots, fierce to pierce metal.<br />Your armor no match for me. Understandably so.<br /><br />Yo,<br />Who wanna test the levels of their versify?<br />Spinnin' the earth and search beneath it where the purpose lies.<br />Ready to dance under the pale moonlight.<br />You'll soon find what you're dealing with significantly certified.<br />Who wanna test Mr. D-I-verse﻿ if I?<br />Your whole notions in this thing have been commercialized.<br />Ready to dance under the pale moonlight.<br />You'll soon find...<br /><br />I verbalize surface ties and merchandise theory.<br />Clearly open their threshold to expose my exposé.<br />Obey your thirst, a simple page of verse, refreshingly dope.<br />Indelibly soaked up on rush confusion.<br />My enterprise identifies the city skies and urban manifestos.<br />Rose up through the chaos to shake plots and pose.<br />Visions enclosed in a globe spinnin', I'm seein'.<br />Be out in my satellite capturin' sight that your eyes couldn't fathom.<br />Fillin' up the still cane and spreadin' over your terrain.<br />Changin' complexions, intersection, that you holdin' down.<br />It goes around like bad karma with mass trauma, the 1200's.<br />Yo, who want it? 'Cause I'm much obliged to give it.<br />With centrifugal forces, sources beyond your physics.<br />I'm like chemistry, convincingly providin' what's sufficiently fly.<br />Straight to your chest, comin' off o' my mouth.<br />You know your armor no match for me. Understandably so.<br /><br />Yo,<br />Who wanna test the levels of their versify?<br />Spinnin' the earth and search beneath it where the purpose lies.<br />Ready to dance under the pale moonlight.<br />You'll soon find what you're dealin' with significantly certified.<br />Who wanna test Mr. D-I-verse﻿ if I?<br />Your whole notions in this thing have been commercialized.<br />Ready to dance under the pale moonlight.<br />You'll soon find...<br />Yo, certified.<br /><br />Certified<br />(Certified, certified.)<br />Some call me super<br />Certified<br />(Ready to dance under the pale moonlight.)<br />Call me super<br />(Certified.)<br />Certified<br />(Certified, certified.)<br />Call me super<br />Certified<br />(Ready to dance under the pale moonlight. You'll soon find.)<br />Call me super<br />(Certified.)<br /><br />Certified<br />Call me super<br />Certified<br />Call me super<br />Certified<br />Call me super<br />Certified<br />Call me super<br />(x2)<br /><br />Certified<br />Call me super<br />Certified<br />Call me super<br />Certified<br />Call me super{% endraw %}
