---
title: "MESSI IS READY TO GIVE THE BALLON D'OR TO LEWANDOWSKI!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/-f9vCoZqEvU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "-f9vCoZqEvU"
categories: "Sports"
tags: ["MESSI IS READY TO GIVE THE BALLON D'OR TO LEWANDOWSKI!","messi","lionel messi"]
date: "2021-10-12T17:36:19+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-10-11T12:55:29Z"
duration: "PT9M8S"
viewcount: "25270"
likeCount: "1442"
dislikeCount: "60"
channel: "INSIDE FOOTBALL"
---
{% raw %}MESSI IS READY TO GIVE THE BALLON D'OR TO LEWANDOWSKI!<br /><br />MESSI IS READY TO GIVE THE BALLON D'OR TO LEWANDOWSKI! Here is how Lionel shocked the world of football!<br /><br />Hello everyone! The Inside Football channel is here again. Already at the end of November we will be able to find out who won the Ballon d’Or in 2021. A list of 30 nominees for the award was revealed to the public and the main contender for the award is still Lionel Messi from Argentina.<br /><br />We have already made a video on why Messi should receive the Ballon d’Or in 2021, but since then the time and the rate have changed, so Leo himself managed to say a lot of interesting things on this topic. For example, he would gladly vote for his competitors - after all, they had a top-notch season to consider!<br /><br />“Obviously, I have two players in my team that I would vote for, Neymar and Kylian Mbappe. Afterwards, there are players at the individual level who have had a great season, like Robert Lewandowski, Karim Benzema - they are also worthy of the Ballon d'Or, ”Messi stated in an interview with France Football.<br /><br />Could it be that Leo is going to &quot;give&quot; his award to Robert Lewandowski or another competitor? And how much did the transition to PSG reduce his chances of getting the seventh Ballon d’Or? We are about to tell you all the details in a minute!<br /><br />But first, subscribe to our channel, so as not to miss brand new releases, and also give a like to this one. Are you through? Let’s get started, then.<br /><br />Passwords and attendances: when and how will the Ballon d’Or be given? Who are the nominees?<br /><br />Less than 50 days are left until the Ballon d’Or ceremony. It will take place on November 29 at the famous Parisian theater Châtelet.<br /> <br />More recently, we found out a list of 30 nominees - footballers who claim the title of the season’s best player according to France Football. Among them are the young 18-year-old Pedri from Barcelona, ​​young stars Kylian Mbappe and Erling Haaland, and even the aging Luis Suarez, whom Barça abandoned a year ago.<br /> <br />There are also quite heavyweight contenders - as always, Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi are on the list too.<br /> <br />So what are the odds for the applicants? The smallest goes on Leo Messi - with only 2.5. It seems that winning the Copa America and pulling Barcelona out of the abyss will still secure Messi's seventh Ballon d'Or. The possible presentation of the award is also hinted at by the fact that France Football recently interviewed Leo, possibly recording additional footage for the ceremony with him. By the way, Leo became the main contender according to the bookies not long ago, as before that he was on a par with the rest. The numbers were affected by one event, but more on that a little later.<br /> <br />Second on the list is Chelsea's Brazilian midfielder Jorginho. The betting chance for his victory is six. This footballer is said to be victorious, winning both the Champions League and last season’s Euro tournament. Jorginho also received a best player of the season prize from UEFA.<br /> <br />Only the third is the Polish striker from Bayern, Robert Lewandowski. His chance of succeeding is seven. Last year, this guy was supposed to receive the Ballon d'Or, but a pandemic thwarted all plans and the presentation of the award was canceled. Last year, Robert won the Champions League with Bayern Munich, and this year he also proved himself great at the individual level: he scored 41 goals in the Bundesliga, breaking the eternal record of Gerd Müller. This season, the guy didn’t slow down - 7 appearances and 7 goals in the league. Besides, Lewandowski has become virtually irreplaceable in “Bayern” - as soon as he got injured for a match last spring, and the team was immediately knocked out of the Champions League by “PSG”. He even carries the national team of Poland on his shoulders in the literal sense - at Euro 2020 he slotted three, which are 75% of the goals that Poland scored in this tournament.<br /> <br />Further on the list we are to find two Premier League representatives - N'Golo Kante from Chelsea and Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City. Both have betting odds of about 12. Kante was a key factor in helping Chelsea triumph at the Champions League and De Bruyne to get the Professional Football Association's England Player of the Year for the second time in a row. Both players haven’t achieved significant success with the national team and that is why they both trudge towards the bottom of the list of favorites.<br /> <br />Almost all football experts are supporting Messi. “It will be difficult for competitors to overcome Messi. He had a great first part of the season and then he won the Copa América with Argentina, ”said former England and Barcelona player Gary Lineker.<br /><br />Who would you give the Ballon d’Or in 2021? Leave your version in the comments and be sure to give a like to the candidate you appreciate!<br /><br />#messi #ballondor #lewandowski{% endraw %}
