---
title: "\"You Will Be Found\" from the DEAR EVAN HANSEN"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/00MMGfPrNIU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "00MMGfPrNIU"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["working with lemons","Dear Evan Hansen","you will be found"]
date: "2021-10-01T19:52:33+03:00"
vid_date: "2018-08-31T20:00:00Z"
duration: "PT4M57S"
viewcount: "2799519"
likeCount: "63743"
dislikeCount: "542"
channel: "Working with Lemons"
---
{% raw %}Working with Lemons presents &quot;You Will Be Found&quot; from  the Broadway musical DEAR EVAN HANSEN. #youwillbefound<br /><br />A letter that was never meant to be seen, a lie that was never meant to be told, a life he never dreamed he could have. Evan Hansen is about to get the one thing he's always wanted: a chance to finally fit in.<br /><br />Both deeply personal and profoundly contemporary, DEAR EVAN HANSEN is a new American musical about life and the way we live it.<br /><br />The original Broadway musical won both a Grammy and a Tony, particularly for Ben Platt's fantastic performance. The musical and lyrics have helped start discussions and awareness of mental illness and youth suicide.<br /><br />for suicide and crisis support around the world, visit <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.befrienders.org.">https://www.befrienders.org.</a><br /><br />#dearevanhansen #broadway<br /><br />Lyrics to You will be Found from Dear Evan Hansen<br /><br />[EVAN]<br />Have you ever felt like nobody was there?<br />Have you ever felt forgotten in the middle of nowhere?<br />Have you ever felt like you could disappear?<br />Like you could fall, and no one would hear?<br /><br />Well, let that lonely feeling wash away<br />Maybe there's a reason to believe you'll be okay<br />'Cause when you don't feel strong enough to stand<br />You can reach, reach out your hand<br /><br />And oh, someone will coming running<br />And I know, they'll take you home<br /><br />Even when the dark comes crashing through<br />When you need a friend to carry you<br />And when you're broken on the ground<br />You will be found<br /><br /><br />So let the sun come streaming in<br />'Cause you'll reach up and you'll rise again<br />Lift your head and look around<br /><br />You will be found<br /><br />You will be found<br /><br />You will be found<br /><br />You will be found<br /><br />You will be found<br /><br />[ALANA:]<br />There's a place where we don't have to feel unknown<br />And every time that you call out<br />You're a little less alone<br /><br />[JARED:]<br />If you only say the word<br /><br />[JARED &amp; ALANA:]<br /><br />From across the silence<br />Your voice is heard<br /><br />Even when the dark comes crashing through<br />When you need a friend to carry you<br /><br />And when you're broken on the ground<br />You will be found<br /><br />So let the sun come streaming in<br />'Cause you'll reach up and you'll rise again<br /><br />Lift your head and look around<br />You will be found<br /><br />Out of the shadows<br />The morning is breaking<br />And all is new, all is new<br />It's filling up the empty<br />And suddenly I see that<br />All is new, all is new<br />You are not alone<br />You are not alone<br />You are not alone (You are not alone)<br />You are not alone (You are not alone)<br />You are not<br />You are not alone (You are not alone)<br /><br />[ZOE]<br />Even when the dark comes crashin' through<br />When you need someone to carry you<br /><br />When you're broken on the ground<br /><br />[COMPANY]<br />You will be found!<br /><br />So let the sun come streaming in<br />'Cause you'll reach up and you'll rise again<br /><br />If you only look around<br />You will be found<br /><br />(Even when the dark comes crashin' through)<br /><br />You will be found<br /><br />(When you need someone to carry you)<br /><br />You will be found<br />You will be found     <br /><br />[EVAN]<br />You will be found{% endraw %}
