---
title: "Positive Energy Cleanse Music 24\/7 💙 Enhance Self Love | Healing Tone | Ancient Frequency Music"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Sv9f8PgKLtM\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Sv9f8PgKLtM"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Positive Energy Cleanse","Enhance Self Love","self love music"]
date: "2021-10-04T07:02:55+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-10-03T18:04:40Z"
duration: "P0D"
viewcount: "1606"
likeCount: "140"
dislikeCount: "3"
channel: "Spirit Tribe Awakening"
---
{% raw %}Dear Magnificent Being,<br />When you Love yourself unconditionally <br />You inspire others to Love themselves unconditionally <br />When you Love yourself unconditionally <br />You think, act and speak in ways that create more Love around you<br />When you Love yourself unconditionally<br />You raise the vibration of the collective consciousness<br />When you Love yourself unconditionally<br />You honor yourself and all life<br />When you Love yourself unconditionally<br />You are uplifting and empowering all life on Mother Earth<br /><br />We are all One. <br /><br />Infinite Love and Gratitude to you. 💙<br /><br />Positive Energy Cleanse 432Hz Music - Enhance Self Love - Healing Tone - Ancient Frequency Music. Tuned to 432Hz and mixed with the 852Hz Solfeggio Frequency. These frequencies have a healing effect on your subconscious mind.  <br /><br />Peaceful, Empowering and Cleansing music and nature to nurture your mind, body, heart and soul. Supporting and empowering you on your life journey. <br /><br />❖ Spirit Tribe Online Shop ❖<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.spirittribeawakening.com">http://www.spirittribeawakening.com</a><br />You can download our music for FREE if you want to.<br />Or you can literally choose the amount you want to give for it.<br /><br />❖ Find us on iTunes ❖  <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://itunes.apple.com/us/artist/1509272678">https://itunes.apple.com/us/artist/1509272678</a><br /><br />❖ Need Music For Your Projects ❖<br />If you are looking for high-quality Healing Meditation Music with a license — to use it on your business-related projects (YouTube, apps, etc.) — then we highly recommend you check out this website: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.highermind-royaltyfreemusic.com/?ref=23">https://www.highermind-royaltyfreemusic.com/?ref=23</a><br /><br />❖ Sound Vibration ❖ <br />The most elemental state of vibration is that of sound. Everything has an optimum range of vibration (frequency), and that rate is called resonance. When we are in resonance, we are balanced. Every organ and every cell in our precious body absorbs and emits sound with particular optimum resonate frequency. 432hz and 528hz tuned music creates resonance in our physical, mental, emotional and spiritual body.<br /><br />❖ 852Hz Solfeggio Frequency ❖ corresponds with the third eye chakra. Excellent for cleansing the fog of overthinking and negative energy built up by repetitive unhealthy thought patterns. Enhances intuition, clarity, and access to your wealth of inner wisdom and potential. It allows us to cut through illusion and to access deeper truths, as well as gifts of spiritual contemplation and self-reflection. When balanced you feel whole and a part of the whole. You see the truth of who you are; a Divine spark of Light, a Loving Soul in a physical body. You see, feel and know that Love that you and all life are. <br /><br />❖ 432Hz Music ❖ <br />Resonates inside our body, releases emotional blockages and expands our consciousness. 432Hz allows us to tune into the wisdom of the Universe, Divine Intelligence, and our Soul. It creates Unity instead of separation. It expands our hearts and makes us more compassionate and loving. One thing is for sure. A person who resonates with love have inner peace – and this is the starting point for a world where we live in Unity, Peace and Harmony with each other and Mother Earth.<br /><br /><br />❖ Spirit Tribe Awakening ❖ <br />We are here to serve you. To Inspire, Uplift and spread Positive Energy with our music. To support you wherever you are on your journey. Co-creating more Peace, Love, and Happiness in your life, and the millions of people connecting with us.<br /><br />All our music is tuned to 432Hz and 528Hz, and contains Ancient Healing Frequencies; Miracle Tones that Heal, Change and Transform low vibrational energy (negative energy). Letting go of negative thoughts and emotions. Recharging the LIGHT within you. Refueling mind, body, heart and soul with Powerful Positive Energy that aligns you with your Innate Power, Potential and Resources. <br /><br />When you RAISE YOUR VIBRATION you also help to raise the collective vibration of our beautiful planet and all life on it. You are important. You are important to this planet. You are valuable. You are a beautiful expression of Life. Powerful BEYOND words. <br /><br />&quot;What you want. Wants you.&quot; - Rumi<br /><br />From Heart to Heart. From Soul to Soul. Thank You for connecting with us. <br /><br /><br />❖ ❖ ❖  ❤️❤️❤️❖ ❖ ❖{% endraw %}
