---
title: "Bitcoin, Bonds, Risk Management, Asymmetric Bet of our Lives, Digital Energy w Greg Foss"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/FlYFtgWmd7c\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "FlYFtgWmd7c"
categories: "Science-Technology"
tags: ["bond market","greg foss","bitcoin news"]
date: "2021-11-20T10:53:09+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-19T19:47:15Z"
duration: "PT1H11M29S"
viewcount: "50974"
likeCount: "4613"
dislikeCount: "32"
channel: "InvestAnswers"
---
{% raw %}www.twitter.com/FossGregfoss<br />#Bitcoin #Bonds #Inflation #AsymmetricBet #Deflation #Insurance #RiskManagement<br />💰Celsius IA PROMO Code get $60 in Bitcoin with $400 deposit:  IA60 (new customers only) see how here  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://ibb.co/zRd6fqr">https://ibb.co/zRd6fqr</a> or <br />💰Celsius IA Referral Code get $50 with $400 deposit:  1315105ca2  (new customers only)<br />💰Voyager Deposit $100 to get $25 of free Bitcoin. Use code CB91C1 or this link to claim your BTC: voyager.onelink.me/WNly/referral?af_sub5=CB91C1 <br />💰Tradingview referral link $30 off: tradingview.com/?offer_id=10&amp;aff_id=27663<br />💰FTX: Save on trades FTX referral link: ftx.us/#a=6600802<br /><br />0:00 Disclaimer - this is Edutainment and not Financial Advice - The opinions expressed in the video are for general informational purposes only and are not intended to provide specific advice or recommendations for any individual or on any specific security or investment product. It is only intended to provide education about the financial industry.<br /><br />0:30 Introduction to Greg Foss<br /><br />3:00 Thesis is it easier for engineers to understand Bitcoin?<br /><br />5:00 Reversing decisions when you realize you are wrong - fighting the lizard brain<br /><br />6:12 Inflation rate today - borrowing has a negative cost and impact for the world<br /><br />8:30 High yield bonds worst risk-return in 40 years<br /><br />9:16 What are bond traders doing now?<br /><br />12:00 How the 60/40 Portfolio is completely broken<br /><br />12:42 Big money manager names are leading clients astray - DO NOT LISTEN TO AN ASSET ALLOCATOR who tells you to have a 60/40 Allocation<br /><br />15:10 Avg debasement for FIAT is 14.1%, Avg Return for S&amp;P 500 over 30 years is 14.3% and Inflation is 15%. Is this a coincidence?<br /><br />17:30 Per Cathie Wood - Cathie Wood suggests BTC may take on some of the functions of Bonds. What would that suggest for the possible future market cap?<br /><br />19:48 What are Gregg’s thoughts on the threat of deflation per Cathie Woods?<br /><br />22:40 Importance of Inverting<br /><br />23:00 Global economy needs to grow at 12% to stay flat or else print more money<br /><br />24:00 Institutions are smart. They know what's coming (ie. Inflation). What are the conversations being had behind closed doors right now?  RIVIAN Motors<br /><br />28:06 What is your approach on this trade - buying GBTC and shorting BITO for a family office? Or a pension fund?<br /><br />30:30 If you were in charge (government) what would you do to fix the money problem? Jason Lowery US Space Force and More<br /><br />33:45 How I was asked to make a video to convince a Canadian Mayor to mine bitcoin!  Bitcoin and Energy<br /><br />36:50 Geopolitical Games and Energy and PetroDollar vs PetroBitcoin <br /><br />39:40 Evergrande - What is your opinion on Evergrande officially defaulting? How long will proceedings take and what kind of effect do you think it will have on the market.<br /><br />46:19 Can Bitcoin become the flight to safety? Long Volatility bet?<br /><br />48:30 Do you believe in the Stock to Flow S2F model?<br /><br />49:44 Bitcoin Robert Breedlove modeling<br /><br />51:00 Why does 97.5% of the world not get Bitcoin?  It is an IQ Test and they are intellectually lazy<br /><br />52:00 Bitcoin EV Analysis - Expected Value. $2M Per Bitcoin<br /><br />58:00 How 100BN from a pension fund triples bitcoin price. What is stopping people from allocating to Bitcoin?<br /><br />1:01:56 Asymmetric Bet of our lives - Asymmetric Bets Define our Lives<br /><br />1:03:26 Modeling Bitcoin <br /><br />1:04:00 What are your top 3 resources for information.<br /><br />1:08:00 What to short? Berkshire Hathaway - banks etc?<br /><br />1:10:00 Bitcoin King of Canada{% endraw %}
