---
title: "Life Hacks How To Eat Candy In Class Is Not Noticeable @WooHoo"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/129p3TOgpZw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "129p3TOgpZw"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["round pug","back to school","school pranks"]
date: "2021-11-22T20:46:32+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-10-22T03:00:00Z"
duration: "PT3M50S"
viewcount: "3359"
likeCount: "28"
dislikeCount: "6"
channel: "Round Pug"
---
{% raw %}Are you tired of being asked for candy at school? Or don't you know how to hide candy from the teacher? Watch our video and we will show you how to act in such situations.<br /><br />00:00 Well, school has started again, because only recently there was a summer vacation ..<br />00:08 linda, you are not tired of these lessons yet, you need to rest and have a snack<br />00:12 nooo, don't do it, now everyone will come running to ask for gum ...<br />00:15 Well, I told you, say goodbye to your gum<br />00:21 why are you going to give them all out? Wow, you are generous ...<br />00:25 and you have no more ...<br />00:30 What have you come up with? Tell us too<br />00:34 take a felt-tip pen, take out the rod<br />00:40 now put the gum there and close the lid<br />00:49 that's all,  no one will notice Linda's chewing gum, you can safely eat them in class<br />00:53 here is such a case for gum, try it too!<br /> and the second one can write yes!<br />01:03 Someone hides gum, and someone doesn't even hide their candy ...<br />Jenny, are you putting  feet on the table, well, well ..<br />01:13 huh, it's time to learn how to hide food in class, right?<br />01:17 Well, that's it, now there is no entertainment and what are you going to do?<br />01:23 Well, noooooooooooooo, you need to do something with  it!  the sweets were taken!<br />01:30 think jenny, think! You're smart!<br />01:35 we take an empty box, we have a box of pringles chips<br />01:39 cut out the bottom of the can<br /> and in the lower part we make a small hole so that the candies fit<br />01:54 see? and now we take beautiful bright paper of your choice and wrap it up. put the candies into a jar<br />02:02 and close the lid<br />02:04 you can insert markers<br /> and the candy will be invisible <br />02:13  no one will see your candy !! really!<br />jenny, you are so tricky <br />02:20 6th lesson in a row ...  its so boring are you hungry ???<br />02:26 well done girls, you try ... and Kate too ...<br />02:32 Kate, let's get some food before the teacher  !! Hurry up !!!<br />02:36 oh, exactly !!<br />02:41 mmm chocolate ... the main thing is to ...<br />02:43…. Did not notice the teacher….<br />02:47 oh Jenny, teach Kate how to hide food, otherwise she's probably still a beginner ...<br />02:55 but no, it seems Kate has an idea ...<br />02:58 take an empty, clean bottle of PVA glue.<br /><br />03:04 and pour any sweetness there, you can take  chocolate, we took condensed milk,  yummy<br />03:15 like this!<br />03:18 Well, Kate, show Jenny  your skills !!! Now she will be shocked!<br />03:24 haha, that's Jenny's condensed milk, don't worry!<br />03:29 try it !<br />03:31 no one will notice such a substitution! and you can safely enjoy delicious treats!<br /><br />Subscribe to Round Pug:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrphRgBwlsibP4CY98hQEQA?%3Fsub_confirmation=1">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrphRgBwlsibP4CY98hQEQA?%3Fsub_confirmation=1</a><br /><br />#foodhacks #funnypranks #roundpug{% endraw %}
